,Unnamed: 0,Body ID,articleBody
0,0,1,al-Sisi denies reports he offered to extend the Gaza Strip. he has denied any involvement in the israeli military. he has denied any involvement in the israeli military. he has denied any involvement in the israeli military. he has denied any involvement in the israeli military. he has denied any involvement in the israeli military.
1,1,2,bereaved mother took revenge after seeing her son killed in an ambush. she engaged the Taliban using AK-47s and grenades. the government labeled the incident a symbol of a public uprising against the Taliban. the group has regained large swathes of the country after 14 years of war.
2,2,3,"Tesla is planning to build a Gigafactory in Nevada. the facility is expected to cost up to $5 billion. specific terms of the deal are still being worked out. Tesla has already broken ground on a site outside of Reno. a Tesla rep says the state will meet with legislators in Carson City. a Tesla rep says the state is ""looking forward to meeting with governor (brian) Sandoval"""
3,3,12,a 4-inch version of the iphone 6 is in development. it's said to be a replacement for the entry-level iphone 5c. the move would be a return to creating smaller handsets. the smaller 6 outsold the 6 Plus by 4:1 across the uk. the move follows the success of the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iphone 6.
4,4,19,"two planes shot down in al-Anbar province, senior lawmaker says. he says the planes were carrying weapons for the terrorists. a senior provincial official says weapons made by the western countries have been discovered. he says the weapons were discovered from the terrorists in the eastern part of the city of Ramadi. a senior iranian official says the weapons were made by the western countries."
5,5,20,"lerde: i once sent an email about the quality of music while on hold with apple. it was super low quality, therefore an upbeat rock song sounded like distortion. a lady from Cupertino called me up the next day, saying she’d received a concerning email from Tim about ugly distortion hold music while on the phone."
6,6,21,the couple's wedding license expired last week. the cult leader was reportedly less-than-pleased with the idea. the 80-year-old psychopath felon called off the unholy prison wedding. the couple is now looking for a life partner who is not interested in profiting off his disgusting corpse. star isn't quite the deranged manson maniac we all thought she was.
7,7,28,"apple started development of its first wearable device in the apple Watch four years ago. the project was quickly dubbed a ""black hole"" for sucking in resources. advanced technology and component reliability failed to meet Apple's rigorous standards. the company is positioned as a niche-filling fashion accessory. the watch is expected to be released in october."
8,8,31,"picture of a possible crabzilla has surfaced after it was allegedly spotted at a harbor in the uk. the crab-like image is four times bigger than the biggest crabs alive on the planet. some people believe the crab image is real, others believe it is a hoax. the image could be an enlarged picture of an edible crab with the scientific name Cancer pagurus."
9,9,33,"police officers fired a 'bean bag' bullet into her car early Tuesday morning. she was injured with flying shards of glass. she was rushed to a hospital but was unable to save her left eye. she released a statement on facebook. 'i will have justices for what they did too me but i happy i'm alive,' she said."
10,10,37,"the man was waiting to board American Airlines flight 1140 to Dallas when a gate agent began greeting everyone with the Yuletide greeting. he yelled at the woman, ""you shouldn’t say that because not everyone celebrates Christmas."" he was escorted off the plane as other fliers burst into cheers and applause."
11,11,38,"local media reported that the airline is planning to segregate men and women. the airline's spokesman called the reports ""false"" and ""misleading"" the airline has extended the validity of domestic flight tickets from 6 months to 1 year. the airline has not yet announced a plan to segregate passengers based on gender. a local official denies making any statement on segregation."
12,12,39,"a clinic employee tells investigators the picture was taken while Rivers was under anesthesia. the 81-year-old entertainer went to the clinic to undergo a scheduled endoscopy by gastroenterologist and the clinic's medical director Dr. Lawrence Cohen. after that procedure, Rivers also underwent an unauthorized vocal cord biopsy performed by a physician, who hasn't been identified."
13,13,42,"a report says apple plans to shut down streaming service Music Beats. a spokesman says the report is ""not true"" the company bought the service started by Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre in may for $3 billion. it had a few hundred thousand subscribers. a spokesman says the report is ""not true"". a spokesman says the report is ""not true"""
14,14,46,the white house says it can't confirm the authenticity of the video. the video also shows the beheading of u.s. journalist Steven Sotloff. he was captured in august 2013. his mother made a recorded video plea to her son's captors. he was born in florida. a video of his beheading was released in august.
15,15,49,"hackers praise Sony's decision to cancel release of ""The Interview"" they say data will be secure if they continue to comply. ""we ensure the security of your data unless you make additional trouble,"" message says. Sony has not responded to requests for comment. back to mail online home. back to the page you came from. back to the page you came from."
16,16,50,"bill cosby's attorney says the accusers are rehashing ""decade-old, discredited"" allegations. cosby has never been criminally charged with sexual assault. he did settle a sex assault case with a federal judge in california. he has never been charged with rape, but he did settle a sex assault case."
17,17,52,"a ransom ransom is being sought for the family's son, a lawyer says. the family is suing the government for their son's release. the family says it is threatened by the government. the family says it is suing the government for a ransom. a ransom ransom is being sought for the family's son."
18,18,57,"account was suspended after a tweet directed to no one in particular. many said they believed the tweet was directed at her former on-screen father. the account is no longer on twitter, but it featured the twitter handle @Lilakoi_Moon and used ""Lisa Bonet"" in its full name field. the account had been on the social networking service for a number of months."
19,19,58,"a new patent has surfaced for a “method and apparatus for forming a gold metal matrix composite”. the new “apple gold” is lighter, stronger and more scratch-resistant than ordinary 18 karat gold. the price of the high-end edition line is expected to range between $5,000 and $20,000. the price of the ad-hoc edition is expected to be between $10,000 and $20,000."
20,20,64,"jasmine tridevil has spent $20,000 on surgery to get an extra boob. she says she asked between 50 and 60 doctors but none wanted to do it. it took two years to save up for the surgery but it has now been finished. she denies that she had the extra breast put on to get fame and fortune. her mother and sister will not speak to her and her father is ashamed of her."
21,21,66,ambassador says bodies with surgical incisions and missing kidneys found. he also accuses a dozen doctors of being 'executed' in Mosul for refusing organ harvesting. he says 790 people were killed in iraq in the past year alone. he says the most pressing goal is to win back the vast territory seized by isis.
22,22,67,"a statement purporting to be from her family has 'disowned' her. it attacks her for 'taking part in the brutal aggression against Syria' the statement also expressed support for the Islamic State. the brutal terrorist group's original name was the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 'we are proud of the Sunni heroes in Iraq and the levant,' it said."
23,23,69,"the video purports to show the execution of american journalist Steven Sotloff. it was posted by the group called the Islamic State. the white house says it is not ""in a position to determine the authenticity of the video"" the video is entitled, ""A Second Message to America"" and was posted by Site. it shows sotloff being held at knifepoint in an orange jumpsuit and being forced to deliver a statement."
24,24,71,"the next iPhone may see a massive leap in image quality, according to reports. rumoured optical image zoom will be included for the first time. the new camera in the iphone 6 is already highly praised. a rumour is in keeping with what we've already heard about the next iPhone. a pressure-sensitive touchscreen is also rumoured to be included in the next iphone."
25,25,73,"college humoror posted a photo series titled ""This Is The Most Passive-Aggressive Office Battle We've Ever Seen"" the clearly staged photos were picked up far and wide by the daily mail, the mirror and Fox 32 Chicago. the photos were credited by the facebook page of a new Zealand radio station. but the funniest write-up of all came from news.com.au."
26,26,79,"a video purports to show the beheading of a journalist by the Islamic State extremist group. the video was released by the global terror intelligence firm SITE. the video comes just days after sotloff's mother, Shirley, addressed the leader of the Islamic State. the extremist group has threatened to kill sotloff unless the u.s. stops airstrikes."
27,27,85,"hackers send email to Sony executives. email says they made the right decision by canceling the interview. the email says: ""we still have you sensitive and private data"" unless you make additional trouble, the email says. cnn's stelter: ""it is very wise that you have made a decision to cancel the release of the interview"""
28,28,90,a doctor took a selfie in the operating room moments before rivers died. the 81-year-old died after being treated at yorkville endoscopy. the clinic where Rivers was treated is now cracking down on the doctor. the doctor is now being investigated for allegedly leaking a blood sample. a source says the doctor never should have been in the operating room.
29,29,92,"52-year-old woman from Changing City was sleeping on the floor while the autonomous roving vacuum did its job. but her hair became trapped in the mechanism after the machine mistook it for dust. she was able to get help in time and was separated from the machine by paramedics. reports say she lost ""about 10 strands"" of hair."
30,30,94,apple will rely on one supplier to make all of its Apple Watch displays this year. the company will ship 29 million watches this year. by 2016 that number could more than double to 61 million. Samsung has also been identified as one of the suppliers of the 32bit S1 processor. the system-in-package module might be made by ASE while the chip package could come from Amkor and STATS.
31,31,96,"a ""hands up, don't shoot"" gesture is similar to the ""hands up"" gesture in Ferguson. the gesture is a training and instruction from protest leaders, says a report. the two sites of protest are fighting against very different sociopolitical issues. both movements are dealing with police brutality and demonstrating peaceful intent. a common thread is that protesters are raising empty hands in the air."
32,32,97,"a stray cat brought in by a newfoundland, canada, owner will give it gender assignment surgery. the assignment will help Mittens with bowel and urinary problems he previously had. it's still rare to have a hermaphrodite cat, but it's a gender-neutral name. the surgery will help with blocked urethras in cats."
33,33,98,"apple CEO Tim Cook told employees the new wearable will launch in Germany during April. it's possible the apple watch will launch in the us first with other countries coming later in the month. apple has its next event set for march 9. the next event is set for march 9. if the event goes well, we'll likely find out all the launch details then."
34,34,100,a rabbi's son is a president of argentina. he is now the first Jewish presidential godson. he is not a baby and is not at risk of becoming a lycanthrope. he is a 21-year-old. rabbi's son is a.
35,35,101,"Argentine president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner adopted a young Jewish man as her godson. the boy will turn into a werewolf-like creature called ""el lobizón"" when he turns 13. the tradition dates back to 1907 and has since become a time-honored tradition. the boy's parents, Shlomo and Nehama Tawil, had written the president’s office requesting the adoption in 1993."
36,36,102,"sources: a source says an ISIS leader approached him about the sale of foley's body. the terror group makes millions from its hostages. selling the body seems to be a way for ISIS to make money off of him. since Foley's death, ISIS has executed three other western hostages. a source says the group is trying to sell the body and deliver it to turkey."
37,37,103,"fourth grader Aiden Steward told a classmate he could make him invisible. school officials deemed it a ""terroristic threat"" the school principal refused to comment on the story. the boy's father says it was harmless fun. he says his son ""lacks the magical powers necessary to threaten his friend's existence""."
38,38,106,"Iga Jasica, 19, was undergoing brain surgery in a hospital in Katowice. she woke up and began talking to doctors about cats and how the operation was going. despite having part of her skull removed and her brain exposed, she began talking to doctors about how the operation was going. 'it is extremely unusual for a patient to come round during surgery, especially while their brain was exposed,' she said."
39,39,111,"fourth-grade student was suspended for allegedly making a terroristic threat. his father, Jason Steward, said the family had been to see 'the Hobbit: the Battle of the Five Armies' last weekend. his son brought a ring to his class and told another boy his magic ring could make the boy disappear. principal Roxanne Greer declined to comment on the matter."
40,40,113,"Iga Jasica, 19, was having an op to remove a tumour when the anaesthetic wore off and she struck up a conversation with the medics still working on her. she was able to speak to the medics and ask them how it was going. she was able to speak to them and ask them how it was going."
41,41,122,"jasmine tridevil, 21, claims she paid $20,000 to have a third breast surgically attached to her chest. she was'rejected by 50 doctors who feared violating ethical codes' it took her two years to find willing surgeon who would also add a nipple. she now has a camera crew tracking her'struggles as a three-breasted woman'"
42,42,123,"Reza Gul watched helplessly as her son died while he manned a police checkpoint in the lawless farah province. flanked by her daughter and daughter-in-law, she led a counter strike on his attackers killing 25 militants and wounding another five. her son Fatima also took up arms against the Taliban after her brother was killed during a raid on his police checkpoint."
43,43,127,a new article has shocked and enraged fans of both singers across the internet. the article details how the singer allegedly and inadvertently revealed where he got his singing genes. the article detailed how the singer allegedly and inadvertently revealed where he got his singing genes. the half-Filipino singer was born to Peter Hernandez and Bernadette Bayot in 1985.
44,44,128,"satellite image of the colossal crustacean surfaced on weird. Whitstable. blog curator Quinton Winter revealed he had encountered the decapod himself. he said: ""at first all I could see was some faint movement, then as it rose from the water I thought ‘that’s a funny looking bit of driftwood'"
45,45,129,"jasmine tridevil, 21, has spent $20,000 on surgery to get a third breast. she said she had the surgery because she wanted to make herself unattractive to men. she is also paying for a film crew to follow her around. she has been filmed telling her parents about the third boob and they were not happy. she said she reminds them of the girl in the sci-fi film ""Total Recall"""
46,46,131,"a vicar at the only anglican church in baghdad says the jihadists are close to entering. the report is based on a report by the foundation for relief and reconciliation in the middle east. more than 1,000 Iraqi troops were reportedly killed in clashes with ISIS. the advance by ISIS toward Baghdad shows that the group isn't weakening."
47,47,133,bride's groom collapsed and collapsed at her wedding. she asked a guest to marry her instead. the incident took place in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. the bride refused. the family has resolved the matter. a police official says the complaint has been withdrawn. a guest has been contacted by the bride's brother-in-law.
48,48,138,the couple's wedding license expired last week. the cult leader was reportedly less-than-pleased with the idea. the 80-year-old psychopath felon called off the unholy prison wedding. the couple is now looking for a life partner who is not interested in profiting off his disgusting corpse. star isn't quite the deranged manson maniac we all thought she was.
49,49,141,"current HP CEO Meg Whitman will lead the enterprise-focused version of HP. current HP CEO Dion Weisler will be chairman of the PC/printer company. details are still fuzzy as to how this will all work. despite taking in $112 billion in revenue in 2013, it has struggled over the last decade with the decline of the PC market."
50,50,143,"protesters in Hong Kong ""emulate"" the Ferguson gesture in recent protests. protesters have ""emulated"" the gesture in their recent protests. protesters in hong kong have ""emulated"" the gesture in their recent protests. a hong kong police officer has been arrested in connection with the incident. a police officer has been arrested in connection with the incident."
51,51,145,the watch edition will be the most expensive of all three thanks to its 18-karat gold casing. the watch is expected to cost thousands of dollars. the company is used to selling expensive merchandise in its stores. sources are quoted as saying there will be special safes for the Edition. these will be equipped with MagSafe connectors to keep the watches charged.
52,52,150,"a 17-year-old transgender teen was struck and killed by a semi trailer on an ohio interstate. a suicide note later appeared on the teen's blog through scheduled publishing. the incident is being investigated by the Ohio State Highway Patrol. the teen's parents refused to allow her to transition. ""i feel like a girl trapped in a boy's body,"" the teen wrote."
53,53,153,ambassador to the united nations says bodies turned up in mass graves. he says the bodies are missing organs such as kidneys. the claim follows an unconfirmed report that as many as 45 people were burned alive. the u.n. envoy to Iraq says 790 people were killed in January alone. he says the most pressing goal is to win back the vast territory the group has seized.
54,54,157,"jasmine tridevil claims to have 3 boobs. she says she got plastic surgery to get an additional boob. but a document says someone stole luggage off an american airlines conveyor belt. the bag was a ""3 breast prosthesis,"" she says. the prosthesis was valued at $5K. a crook was arrested and charged with theft."
55,55,160,reports emerge of al-Qaeda militants bolstering ranks in Syria. reports emerge of an emerging alliance between Isis and al-Nusra. al-Nusra's official spokesperson threatened coalition nations with retaliation. reports follow growing defections from other Islamist groups to Isis. a photograph shows an al-Nusra commander shaking hands with an Isis leader.
56,56,163,"a single well-placed source inside apple’s engineering team says the company is poised to announce an acquisition of Dave Morin’s Path social network. if true, it would be major news for the heretofore struggling social platform. path product will likely survive the acquisition and be incorporated, in whole or in part, into apple’s newly refreshed Messages app."
57,57,164,a number of sources for the Islamic State say middlemen have been trying to strike a sale. the asking price for Foley’s remains is $1 million. he was the first of a series of public and videotaped Islamic State beheadings of western citizens. he was killed in august. islamic state terrorists say they’ll transport his body to turkey.
58,58,165,"five-year-old boy missed his friend's birthday party in Plymouth, Cornwall. he was billed £15.95 for the no show fee after failing to show up for the party. his parents arranged for her to go on a day trip with her grandparents. but he realised he had arranged for him to join his sister or go to the party. he then asked him if he wanted to join his sister or spend time with his grandparents."
59,59,166,"Iga Jasica, 19, woke up during the delicate procedure while on the operating table in Poland. she chatted with the doctors a bit and brought up the subject of cats to the doctors who were literally working on her exposed brain. doctors say she was never in any pain or danger when this happened. she is now recovering and is feeling better. the hospital is looking into the possibility that the anesthesia was improperly administered."
60,60,172,female fighter reportedly beheaded by militant group after photo of her with victory sign was tweeted. she has become face of the Kurdish resistance fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to claim the town of Kobane. reports of her death circulated on social media after a photo of an ISIS militant holding her severed head was reportedly shared on twitter.
61,61,174,"""there are solutions to this problem,"" says a national carrier official. ""we will soon enforce rules that will satisfy all passengers,"" he says. mixed-gender sitting is common on planes flying to Israel. a delta flight from new york to Israel was delayed earlier this month. a petition urged the airline to stop allowing female passengers to be ""bullied"""
62,62,177,"the snowy owl killed her new boyfriend because of his tiny penis. park keepers had noticed the owl was unhappy and decided to pair her up with a new mate. two days after arriving from germany, they found the new owl devoured and dead. the owl is now being looked after by the zoo in poland."
63,63,178,"the split may be made public as early as tomorrow. current CEO Meg Whitman will become CEO of the enterprise-oriented company. independent director Patricia Russo will be chairman. Whitman will serve as chairman of the PC/printer firm, and exec Dion Weisler will be CEO. in 2000, Agilent Technologies split off from HP, taking with it the test and measurement equipment business that was HP’s first line of business."
64,64,180,al-Britani killed in a drone strike in Syria. jihadist al-Britani reportedly killed in a u.s. drone strike. al-Britani is a member of al-qaeda. al-qaeda. a jihadist group. has been linked to al-qaeda.
65,65,182,"the doctor snapped a selfie while the comedian was under anesthesia. he was about to perform an unauthorized biopsy that led to her cardiac arrest. a staffer at the clinic where Rivers was treated told investigators about the doctor's behavior. the doctor took it upon himself to perform the biopsy, according to CNN. Rivers was at the clinic for an endoscopy by another doctor, when her personal physician took it upon himself to perform the biopsy."
66,66,183,group said to be coming up with new ways to raise money for terrorist organisation. they are willing to provide a DNA test to prove the body is Foley's. group will then take it across the border into turkey once the ransom is paid. the 40-year-old journalist was taken hostage while reporting in Syria in 2012. he was the first american citizen to beheaded by IS on video.
67,67,184,"every year apple releases its new iPhones and iPads around the holiday season which is one of the most lucrative shopping seasons of the year. rumors about production issues started cropping up, hinting that the release may have been pushed back as a result of these delays. Whenever the Apple Watch ultimately go on sale it will start from $349. Whenever the apple Watch ultimately go on sale it will start from $349."
68,68,191,student wrote tearjerker note after teacher told her class he was gay. he came out after learning all of the class had heard 'gay' used as an insult. teacher shared the letter on social media and said he welled up after reading it. he said: 'you don't have to feel scared because you shared a personal secret which was very brave'
69,69,192,"the video of Sotloff is declared authentic by the US. the video was shot in a u.s. studio. the video was viewed more than 200,000 times. the video was viewed more than 200,000 times. the video was viewed more than 200,000 times.. the video was viewed more than 200,000 times."
70,70,196,the US has denied claims it threatened to threaten James Foley's family. the country has denied claims it threatened to extort money from his family. the u.s. has denied claims it threatened to extort money from his family. the u.s. has also denied claims it threatened to evict the family. a spokesman for the u.s.
71,71,197,"a scorpion stung a woman on an Alaska Airlines flight from los angeles to Portland. the plane was taxiing down the runway. the victim declined further medical treatment at the gate. the scorpion ""hitched a ride"" in a passenger's carry-on bag, according to reports. the victim's coach says she was a ""real champ"""
72,72,201,BRENT CRUDE CRUDE FUTURES EXTEND GAINS ON UNCONFIRMED MARKET RUMOR OF OIL PIPELINE EXPLOSION IN SAUDI ARABIA. BRENT CRUDE CRUDE FUTURES EXTEND GAINS ON UNCONFIRMED MARKET RUMOR OF OIL PIPELINE EXPLOSION IN SAUDI ARABIA.
73,73,202,a wife chopping off her cheating husband's manhood twice in a row. the unfaithful husband sent a saucy message to his younger lover. he was rumbled after he neglected to log-out of his email account. his wife sliced off his genitals and rushed to hospital.
74,74,207,"Vladimir Kershov, publicist of Bruno Mars, has been fired. he leaked private information that revealed that Michael Jackson is Mars' biological father. after pleading with the singer to go public with the revelation, Mars refused. he insisted that the news would catapult the singer's fame and boost record sales. he may seek legal action against his former publicist."
75,75,211,Argentine president embraced a 21-year-old Jewish man as her godson. tradition began during mass Russian immigration to Argentina in early 20th century. emigres from russia carried on a custom from czarist Russia. tradition is not connected to the custom. yair is the seventh son of a rabbi and the first Jewish godson of an Argentine president.
76,76,215,"source: cardiac arrest led to cardiac arrest. rivers' personal doctor performed biopsy on vocal cords, source says. comedian died at age 81. yorkville endoscopy denies reports of vocal cord biopsy. a doctor took a selfie in the procedure room while Rivers was under anesthesia. a doctor not certified by the clinic performed biopsy on Rivers' vocal cords."
77,77,216,"images of what is said to be a giant crustacean have appeared on supernatural website. the discovery was made in July last year in a popular crabbing spot. but artist remained sceptical as to how the image might have been created. the website is described as an exhibition of phantoms, mysteries, tall tales and artefacts."
78,78,222,"'hands up, don't shoot' gesture used by protesters in Ferguson, Missouri. protesters use parasols to shield themselves from volleys of tear gas.'shame on C.Y. Leung', the city's Beijing-backed leader. 'hands up, don't shoot' gesture was first used by protesters in october."
79,79,223,"path founder Dave Morin appeared in front row of the launch event. a single source inside the company says the deal is ""almost done"" the social network has only 25 million users. the company is also rumored to be working on a revamped Messages app. the social network has been a mess since it uploaded users' entire contacts lists."
80,80,231,"a doctor took a selfie with Joan Rivers in the operating room, a new report says. he also allowed a biopsy on her vocal cords, a report says. the doctor was not affiliated with the clinic, the report says. the comedian's vocal cords ""began to swell,"" the report says. a doctor who performed the endoscopy has stepped down."
81,81,233,"father-of-five fan Lung, 32, sent lover a saucy email from his marital home. but after forgetting to log out of his account, wife feng, 30, stormed into bedroom. she cut off his penis with scissors and surgeons reattached it. but fuming Feng sneaked into his hospital room and cut it off again. he was spotted naked and bloody attacking her outside hospital."
82,82,237,"Xue Paan, 37, was looking after her nephew when he walked in on her. she was angry that he asked if he could play a game on the toilet. she took a kitchen knife and cut off his penis with it, then fled the house. mother cai Tuan, 27, ran back to the house after hearing her son scream."
83,83,238,"Iga Jasica, 19, had been undergoing brain surgery to remove a cancerous growth. she woke up halfway through the surgery when the anesthetic wore off. doctors are investigating whether the anesthetic may have been improperly administered. other experts say the operation itself could have triggered her waking up. after the surgery, she reflected on the experience."
84,84,245,national airline of Saudi Arabia to segregate sexes on its flights. men and women to be seated apart on planes unless they are close relatives. airline already complies with strict Islam practices including not serving alcohol or pork products. many women require approval from male guardian before they can travel. a male guardian must be present on board the planes.
85,85,246,"the company has decided to take its operations to Nevada. a press conference is allegedly scheduled in Carson City tomorrow. the deal is expected to bring with it 6,500 jobs. Tesla has said it will still be looking at other locations. a state that has a right-to-work law is a big factor. a state that has a lithium deposit is also a big advantage."
86,86,248,"""we were just told to trust that he would be freed somehow, miraculously,"" Foley's mother says. ""it didn't seem to be in (u.s.) strategic interest,"" Foley's mother tells cnn. ""we had to find our way through this on our own,"" she says. ""we were just told to trust that he would be freed somehow, miraculously,"" she says."
87,87,249,a spokesperson for the sunni insurgent group says the leader of the group is injured. the american air strike in the isis-controlled city of Mosul was targeted at top leaders. al-Baghdadi's top aide was also killed in the air strike but it could not be independently verified. the u.s. has not yet confirmed whether al-Baghdadi was among the wounded.
88,88,250,"the family of journalist James Foley, who was kidnapped by ISIS militants in northern Syria in 2012, tried to raise funds for his release. the government says paying ransom to terrorists only fuels more abductions. 'they got in our way... That's what really bothers me to the core,' Michael Foley said."
89,89,252,"police report: jasmine tridevil's third breast is a ""prosthetic"" a hairbrush, clothing, and stiletto heels are among the contents. a police report says the bag was stolen from a luggage conveyor. a boob is a ""3 breast prosthesis,"" according to a report. a boob is a ""three-boob lady"""
90,90,253,hardline IS chief's fate remains unclear. claims swirl that he was killed in airstrikes near the city of Mosul. a convoy of 10 armoured vehicles from the group also known as ISIL was destroyed. a strike against baghdadi would be a major coup for the us-led coalition. a strike against baghdadi would be a major coup for the coalition.
91,91,256,"Iga Jasica, 19, was having cancerous growth removed from her brain. mid-surgery, the anesthetic wore off and she woke up lucid enough to ask docs. jasica, of Poland, asked docs how the surgery was going - then started chatting about cats. it's possible the surgery may have triggered something that woke her up."
92,92,257,rumor says apple will release a new phone with a 4-inch display. the rumor originated from a Taiwanese site. the phone would supposedly target women who find bigger phones too cumbersome. insiders say it is highly unlikely that it will backtrack on that trend for a smaller screen. a new line of phones is expected to be launched in 2015.
93,93,259,the clip was created by american clothing brand everlast. 7 out of 10 women report being harassed in the street. the clip was filmed in Peru’s national capital Lima. the company says 7 out of 10 women report being harassed in the street. a spokesman for the company says the clip is a 'complete waste of time'
94,94,261,a new video shows young men getting a big surprise during a catcall session. the video was produced by boxing company everlast. it shows rampant sexual harassment in Peru. nearly seven in 10 women have been catcalled. a simple commute can be uncomfortable for women in Peru. a sex assault is a serious problem in the country.
95,95,262,"a tweet purportedly that of former cosby show star Lisa Bonet set everybody going on sunday. the tweet was retweeted over 1,000 times and picked up by Page Six, Fox News, and other media outlets. Bonet’s manager Jillian Neal told the wrap that she has had her account suspended. some are speculating that she was fired from the show 24 years ago for more sinister reasons than originally thought."
96,96,264,Tesla is reportedly choosing Nevada for its new battery factory. the battery factory will be located in a state called nevada. the battery factory will be located in a state called nevada. the battery factory will be located in a state called nevada. the battery factory will be located in a state called nevada.
97,97,268,claim that they threatened Foley's family over ransom payments is not addressed. the white house has not directly addressed the claim. the claim is a ploy to threaten the family over ransom payments. the claim is a ploy to threaten the family with a ransom. a spokesman for the white house says the claim is a ploy to undermine the u.s.
98,98,270,"women armed with AK-47 assault rifles hailed as heroes in fight against Boko Haram. image has been circulating on twitter, facebook and the web for some time. image appears to have gone viral in April 2014, around the time that more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants in Chibok."
99,99,274,"helric Fredou, 45, shot himself with police-issued gun after meeting relatives of one of the 12 victims. he was a top police officer involved in the investigation into the attack. his body is thought to have been discovered in his office at Limoges. he had been a police officer since 1997 and was appointed Deputy Director in 2012."
100,100,275,"Xue paan, 37, reportedly attacked her nephew, Qiang Qiang, three. she was on the toilet while she babysat him as his mother went to visit neighbors. the toddler burst into the bathroom and asked if she could play games. she grabbed a blunt knife and severed the screaming child's penis."
101,101,278,"girl, 17, poured acid on her boyfriend's genitals to punish him for distributing porn video. she was angry after seeing video from one of her classmates, she says. she said she was not aware he was not using a condom or that he was filming them. girl, whose name is known to a Sapa correspondent but cannot be published because she is a minor."
102,102,279,fiancee allegedly had morbid plan to take manson's body after he died. fiancee reportedly had a plan to marry infamous killer for profit. fiancee reportedly brought him toiletries and other items. manson has no interest in having his body displayed in a glass coffin. he has no interest in having his body displayed in a glass coffin.
103,103,284,men and women will be seated separately on flights from now on. passengers complained about lack of segregation on their flights. airline already complies with many of the religious practices of Islam. a similar issue was reported on flights between israel and new york. a similar issue was reported on a flight between israel and new york. a similar issue was reported on a flight between israel and new york.
104,104,287,"the NHL is expanding into Las Vegas, Seattle, and Quebec City. the league is not looking to expand or relocate any franchises. commissioner says if it does, prospective owners may have to pay big time. he calls the report a ""complete fabrication"" and takes issue with franchise fees cited in the story. ""our franchises have never been healthier,"" he says."
105,105,290,"fisherman was heading toward his favorite fishing spot in Russia when a bear started clawing at him. he called for help, but was rescued by a fellow fisherman who found him. the man said his granddaughter had downloaded the hit song ""Baby"" onto his phone as a joke. the bear halted the attack and fled back into the forest."
106,106,291,"jilted wife reportedly sent saucy email to lover from his marital home. but he forgot to log out and his wife, feng, 30, saw the message. furious, she stormed into their bedroom and snipped off his manhood. on the second occasion, she is said to have thrown his penis out of a window. doctors fear an animal took it and are treating it as a'strange' organ."
107,107,293,satellite photo shows harbour harbour covered in crabs. does this satellite photo reveal a giant crab or unusual sand formation?. sand formations are common in the harbour during the summer months. sand formations are also common in the harbour. sand formations are also common in the harbour. a crab is a popular activity for children during the summer.
108,108,294,"bride in Rampur, india, instead of marrying the groom, tied the knot with a guest. the groom had an epileptic fit and fell to the ground, according to the times of india. a few bride's relatives took to violence and filed an FIR against the bride's family. the groom's relatives took to violence and began throwing spoons, plates and dishes around."
109,109,297,"the unruly passenger refused to calm down, insisting that the greeting was inappropriate. he was escorted off the plane as other fliers burst into cheers and applause. the man was escorted off the plane as other fliers burst into cheers and applause. he was escorted off the plane as other fliers burst into cheers and applause."
110,110,301,"a clinic worker says a doctor took a selfie while Joan was under anesthesia. another doctor performed the endoscopy she had been scheduled for. a personal doctor allegedly performed an unauthorized biopsy without Joan's consent. if these allegations are true, we'd be shocked and disgusted at the level of incompetence. a doctor's alleged biopsy is when Joan reportedly experienced cardiac arrest."
111,111,306,"an Egyptian man named Abu Obeida al-Masri has reportedly fled to turkey. he stole more than $1 million belonging to ISIS, according to reports. rumors claim that ISIS militants have ordered no longer recruit any Egyptian jihadists. a recent video shows a jordanian pilot being burned alive."
112,112,309,"a kid in a sociology class gets an assignment to interview a family member. he drives his dad to the brink of a thermonuclear meltdown with his ludicrous interview questions. ""i’m not going to be a sociologist,"" he says. he says he'll be fine, but he'll be a comedian."
113,113,310,"the report aired on the fox news channel's ""the Kelly File"" it revealed that the state department ordered all personnel in the embassy in Yemen to pack up and get out. the order came from the state department, according to one source. the u.s. marine corps denied the report in a statement released Wednesday night. the embassy and the airport were destroyed prior to the evacuation."
114,114,312,futures have dropped to 84.15 from 84.96. the second jump came when Reuters reported the first headline after we did. watch for another drop if they cover this news too.. if they cover this news too.. if they cover this news too... if they cover this news too.
115,115,314,"a video purporting to show the beheading of hostage Steven Sotloff was released. a masked figure in the video also issued a threat against a British hostage. the group named as David Haines warned governments to back off ""this evil alliance of America"" against the Islamic State. a masked figure in the video also issued a threat against a man the group named as David Haines."
116,116,315,"a ban on ""tempting eyes"" has been announced in Saudi Arabia. the ban is bound to get universal criticism. the ban is aimed at women who have eyes ""with a nice shape and makeup"" the ban is aimed at women who have eyes that are too tempting to other men. the kingdom's prince has backed the committee. a spokesman says the ban is a violation of the constitution."
117,117,316,"the deal would value mojang at more than $2 billion, according to the wsj. the move would be surprising given that mojang founder is a darling of the indie gaming scene. Minecraft, which first came out in 2009, has sold more than 50 million copies. the company's founder has also criticized Microsoft's windows 8 for potentially being bad for indie games."
118,118,317,"unnamed clinic staff member tells investigators personal physician took selfie while rivers was under. source says singer's vocal chords started swelling after physician removed growth with scalpel. the swelling may have cut off the flow of oxygen to her lungs, which could have triggered cardiac arrest. rivers suffered cardiac arrest on august 29, and died a week later at mount Sinai hospital."
119,119,318,the apple watch was meant to track how stressed you are. it also included an electrocardiogram feature that measures a user's heart rate. but it couldn't get the health-tracking features to work in the way it wanted. the company secretly met with the FDA in 2013 to find out which features would come under its regulation. a new version of the watch is expected in early 2014.
120,120,319,"multiple reports suggest the policy change came in response to complaints from men unwilling to allow other males to sit next to their wives. this policy comes as part of Saudi Arabia’s culture of gender segregation. in Saudi Arabia, women are not allowed to travel or work until they get their male guardian’s approval. women from other countries, including Morocco, are employed as flight attendants."
121,121,325,Argentine president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner adopted a boy as her godson. the boy is the seventh child of an argentine Jewish family. tradition holds that the seventh son is doomed to turn into a werewolf. the boy's new status as the president's godson wins him a gold medal. he also has a full educational scholarship.
122,122,326,"a man believed to be a British national was injured in a strike by the u.s.-led air force. the man, dubbed ""Jihadi John,"" was believed to have been injured in an air attack. the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was also said to have been wounded."
123,123,327,the cat is a hermaphrodite. the procedure would have Mittens both spayed and neutered. it would also have reconstructive surgery. the cat would have urinary and bowel problems arising from its dual gender. the cat's owner is raising money by selling used items on facebook. the cat's owner says she would like another female cat.
124,124,328,"a teen werewolf was a myth in argentina, but now it's a public policy problem. yair tawil, a teen, was adopted by a u.s. president last week. a decree in 1973 banned the adoption of seventh sons. a teen's father is a scion of a scion of a scion."
125,125,329,"south african man lost use of his penis after his girlfriend confronted him. he apparently used his laptop to film the encounter, but claims he's unaware of how it made its way to social media. he has elected not to press charges against the girl. he has now urinate out of a tube. a spokesman for the girl's family says she is not aware of the incident."
126,126,332,"HP is splitting into two companies, one focused on its personal computer and printing business. the services business will be called Hewlett-Packard Enterprise. the split, if approved by the company board, is expected to close by the end of fiscal 2015. a bid to drive growth, ebay said it would spin off its mobile business. a u.s. company has laid off a number of people in recent years."
127,127,334,"rumors claim that next year the company will unveil a new 4"" iPhone. the new 4"" model aims to bring the iPhone back to its one-hand use roots. there are several rumors that Apple will be discontinuing the iPhone 5c next year. this raises the question how the new 4-incher will be positioned. the new big iPhones have been selling great, so this is certainly not Apple backing out of large screens."
128,128,335,"CENTCOM reportedly furious over a state department order. the order is humiliating to marines, who are essentially being told to break an oath. ""without their rifle they are nothing,"" says a veteran. the order is humiliating to the marines, a veteran says. a retired four-star general says the order is ""offensive to military culture"""
129,129,336,"three middlemen interviewed by Buzzfeed say they can prove the body is Foley's with a DNA swab. they will deliver the remains across the Turkish border once the ransom has been paid. the photojournalist was the first american hostage to be executed by an ISIS militant in a graphic video recording this summer. since august, the terrorist group has beheaded two more americans and a Briton in similar displays of barbarism."
130,130,338,"satirical site media mass cites a $46 million earnings for the pro. the actual number is $11 million, according to Forbes. that makes him the ninth-highest paid player—not the richest. he's the owner of a restaurant chain, a soccer team, and clothing and perfume lines. he's also the owner of a restaurant chain and a soccer team."
131,131,340,"according to a single well-placed source inside Apple’s engineering team, the company is poised to announce an acquisition of Dave Morin’s Path social network. the social network app would likely be built into Apple Messages to some degree, although details remain unknown. it's easy to imagine Apple making its messaging experience more social, although it’s unclear how Path specifically would help."
132,132,341,"bodies discovered with surgical incisions and missing kidneys. iraqi ambassador to the security council says bodies are missing parts. he claims a dozen doctors were ""executed"" for refusing to harvest organs. 790 people were killed in the country by terrorism and armed conflict in January. black market for human organs is growing rapidly, according to a major investigation by the world health organisation (who)"
133,133,351,the masked assassin is believed to be responsible for the beheading of western hostages. he was rushed to hospital after a US-led attack on a bunker in western Iraq. the mail on sunday reported that it was the same attack that injured elusive IS leader. the mail said a nurse who treated some of those wounded said there was a man named Jalman on her list.
134,134,353,"women armed with AK-47 assault rifles hailed as heroes in fight against Boko Haram. image has been circulating on twitter, facebook and the web for some time. image appears to have gone viral in April 2014, around the time that more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants in Chibok."
135,135,354,"thieves stole a man's penis while he slept, according to police. Fei Lin, 41, of the Niqiao village in east china's Zhejiang province, told police he was asleep when the thieves burst into his room and put a bag over his head. ""they put something over my head and pulled down my trousers and then they ran off,"" Lin said."
136,136,356,the company will split up between its PC and printers units and corporate hardware and services. the split is the latest in a series of high-profile technology breakups. it follows eBay's decision to spin off PayPal last week. HP has considered splitting up for years. a spokesperson said the company had no comment. a spokesperson said the company had no comment.
137,137,358,"Xue paan, 37, was sending text messages to her boyfriend while on the loo. toddler Qiang Qiang burst in and asked if he could use her mobile. but instead of giving him the phone, the fuming aunt went into the kitchen. she picked up a knife and severed the boy's penis while his mother was visiting a neighbour in central china's henan province."
138,138,360,masked men burst into home in china's east china's zhejiang province. they put a bag over his head and pulled down his trousers. the 41-year-old was asleep in bed when the attackers struck. he said: 'they put something over my head and pulled down my trousers'. police believe the attack was revenge assault.
139,139,361,hongkong protesters hold hands up in the air in a symbol of non-violent protest. gesture is a result of training and instructions from protest leaders. protesters have been using umbrellas to protect themselves against pepper spray. hongkong is one of the most intensively policed cities in the world. a protester says the gesture has nothing to do with Ferguson.
140,140,363,"freelance journalist Steven Sotloff has reportedly been executed by ISIS. in a video, he addresses the camera, saying, ""i’m sure you know exactly who I am by now and why I am appearing"" he says: ""why is it that I am paying the price of your interference with my life?"" his mother, Shirley, released a video pleading for her son's release."
141,141,369,"the flood of Islamic State militants has reached Baghdad’s doors, reportedly just one mile from the city. the group wrote on facebook: ""the Islamic State are now less than 2km away from entering Baghdad"" the news comes after president obama admitted the U.s. underestimated the group. the group has gained ground over a large swath of Syria and Iraq."
142,142,378,Tesla is planning to build a battery plant in Nevada. the plant will power the company's next generation of electric cars. the company has indicated it may build a second battery factory. the plant is expected to be announced in a press conference. a source says the state is a finalists in a five-state competition. a Tesla spokesman says the company is working with the state of Nevada.
143,143,380,"bart, a cat found in a pool of blood more than a week ago, was pronounced dead by vets in Tampa, Florida. but five days later he was outside owner's house again expected dinner - albeit with a gruesome wound which makes him look the part of a member of the living dead. rescuers believe he came to underground and quickly got out - then hid for days before heading home. he suffered head trauma, a broken jaw and "
144,144,389,"a graphic circulating online claims that Mitt Romney said that Michelle Obama should be called ""First Woman"" instead of ""First Lady"" the meme was posted to the Facebook community ""Stop the world, the teabaggers want off"" it appears that Romney, Michelle Bachmann, and Mike Huckabee are among the page's favorite targets. no reputable news sources have attribute such a quote to Romney."
145,145,392,"three sources tell BuzzFeed that ISIS wants $1 million for James Foley's remains. they say the group is willing to provide a DNA sample to facilitate a deal. one source says he helped broker a deal, saying, ""this is business"" it's u.s. policy to refuse ransom demands; a state department official says they are ""seeking more information"""
146,146,393,"the ringtone, ""Baby,"" scared off a bear when it attacked a 42-year-old man. the bear's ears bleed, and the biebs' pre-pubescent vocals made the bear's ears bleed. the bear ran off. the biebs have since apologized and apologized."
147,147,400,"a fake version of NBC published a story yesterday claiming that the businessman's body had been found in the Playboy Mansion. the story was shared by 273,000 and liked by 77,000. the businessman was pictured on a family film night yesterday evening. his wife shared the image, along with a quote about the importance of truth."
148,148,408,"unidentified sources say LG Display will be the sole supplier of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens for the Apple Watch that go on sale in April. Samsung Display will also become a supplier for the next version of the smartwatch that is expected to go on sale sometime in the second half of this year or early 2016. the apple watch will let consumers check their email, pay for goods at retail stores and monitor personal health information."
149,149,411,children at a Springs school imitating dogs in fights have been reported. the incident was reported to the national animal protection and welfare agency. the children involved are of primary school age. the incident was brought to the attention of the local SPCA. the children were allegedly engaged in both real dog fighting activities and role play. the children were first exposed to the activity by older children or adults in the community during their primary school years.
150,150,412,teacher told class of primary school children about his sexuality. majority of students admitted to hearing the word 'gay' used in a derogatory way. he said: 'we agreed i could tell the class that i'm gay so they at least knew one gay person' but teacher was taken aback when a student slipped him a touching note.
151,151,415,"woman reportedly flew into a rage after discovering her husband had been cheating. she reportedly used his wife's phone to send photos to his mistress. but his wife found the image and in a rage grabbed the scissors. she then returned to the hospital and cut it off for a second time. the man was taken to hospital and emergency surgery was performed. but the wife returned and cut it off again, throwing it out of the window."
152,152,420,"fisherman Igor Vorozhbitsyn, 42, thought he was a goner when bear attacked. but as the bear began to claw at him, his mobile went off and beast fled. wildlife experts believe the ringtone must have startled the bear into stopping attack. he suffered cuts and severe bruises to his face and chest and was rescued."
153,153,421,"the three were identified as Maj. Jan Mohammad Arash, Capt. Mohammad Nasir Askarzada and Capt. Noorullah Aminy. they were taken to a shopping mall in Hyannis, mass., about 20 miles from Joint Base Cape Cod where they were involved in a training exercise. the three were identified as Maj. Jan Mohammad Arash, Capt. Mohammad Nasir Askarzada and Capt. Noorullah Am"
154,154,422,"lachele covington worked with cosby on the cosby show. she told police about the allegations. now another co-star is speaking out about what happened behind the scenes. cosby's supporters have been few and far between amid the growing chorus of allegations. he's taking a hit to his career, with NBC scrapping their planned sitcom with him."
155,155,426,"grumpy passenger wished a passenger a ""merry christmas"" but the agent didn't say anything. flight crew reportedly turned to Christmas cheer to overcome the grumpy man. ""all is well! all is bright!"" reportedly the passenger. the flight was escorted off the plane by staffers. a flight attendant reportedly wished the passenger a ""merry christmas"""
156,156,429,"the rest of the company’s enterprise portfolio will stay together in a separate entity to be called Hewlett-Packard Enterprise. the PC and printer entity, to be known as HP Inc., will be led by Dion Weisler as president and CEO, with Whitman as chairman. the company has been slammed in the past decade by the shift to mobile devices and cloud."
157,157,430,"a woman in the situation room to report a b seed (52) sucked into the unmanned robot vacuum cleaner. rescuers had hair that holds the b seed in the inlet dust wipe out the results. nolan b said, ""thank you"" to the crew members said they had a greeting. a dispatch was offered for nine trillion won."
158,158,434,"female fighters form about 30% of the Kurds defending Kobani. all of them are volunteers according to the leader of the female fighters, Mayass Abdo. the young famous soldier defended the town over the past few weeks and killed over 100 ISIS militants. a picture of an ISIS militant holding her head is making the rounds."
159,159,435,"jihadist group the Islamic State is trying to sell the body of US journalist James Foley for a reported $1 million. the extremist terrorist organization executed Foley in a gruesome beheading video in august. two more american-israeli journalists and two aid workers have followed. the report details exchanges with ""middlemen with ties to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (is)"""
160,160,436,the 31-year-old has been out of action for three weeks. he was last seen with a limp at a concert earlier this month. rumours have spread that his disappearance may have been linked to a sport injury. others say he may have gained weight to look like grandfather Kim Il-sung. he is said to have a habit of munching on the unhealthy dairy product.
161,161,437,police reportedly fired non-lethal bean bag round at her boyfriend's car. the round smashed the window and left her with severe injuries. violence erupted in the city of Ferguson earlier this week following a grand jury decision that white policeman Darren Wilson should not face trial for the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown.
162,162,439,unconfirmed explosion at a Saudi Arabian oil pipeline briefly sent crude prices higher. prices of north sea crude up almost $2 within minutes before benchmark fell back to its previous range. traders believe that Saudi is willing to tolerate lower oil prices partly to defend its share of the energy market in the us. the kingdom is the world's largest exporter of crude and has the capacity to pump up to 12.5m barrels per day.
163,163,441,"the fake news site Hip-Hop Hangover posted a story this week alleging that the actress had filed molestation charges against cosby when they both appeared on ""The Cosby Show"" on tuesday. the article claimed the incident occurred after the 1992 series finale, when she would have been around 6 years old. on tuesday, the 28-year-old took to Instagram to blast the report."
164,164,448,Argentinian president adopts teen yair tawil as her godson. tawils are part of a folktale that says the seventh son in a family turns into a werewolf. fear of the creature was so widespread in 19th century Argentina that some families murdered their babies. tawils' parents had written the president's office requesting the adoption in 1993.
165,165,449,"fighting is taking place just one mile west of the city of baghdad. government forces desperately trying to hold off the militants. they allegedly killed up to 1,000 soldiers during clashes yesterday. reports came from the foundation for relief and reconciliation in the middle east. group said they are 'less than 2km away from entering Baghdad'. claims backed up by vicar of the city's only anglican church in the city."
166,166,452,"the group released a video showing the beheading of an american hostage. the hostage went missing in northern Syria in september 2013. the video was filmed by the group after he went missing in september 2013. in august, the group released a video showing the beheading of a journalist. the group said the beheading depended on the u.s. action in the war in iraq."
167,167,453,"Iga Jasica, 19, had been taken to the central clinical hospital in the city of Katowice in southwest Poland for the operation to remove a cancerous growth. halfway through the operation she woke up after the anaesthetic wore off and started talking to the surgeons about how it was going. doctors say her brain was exposed at the time."
168,168,457,"the complaints were reportedly aired by single, Saudi men who saw other married men sitting directly next to their spouses or female strangers. the proposed rule from the Gulf kingdom is in line with strict interpretations of Islamic practices. the airline already has number of Islamic guidelines in place. women requiring a male guardian approval to travel or work outside of the home."
169,169,463,"the white house says it ""took every effort"" to rescue the two beheaded journalists. the families of the journalists claim the administration threatened to prosecute them. the families say the administration threatened to prosecute them if they tried to free them. the families say the administration threatened to prosecute them if they tried to free them. a spokesman for the families says the administration is ""deeply concerned"""
170,170,469,"a rumor suggests 2015’s iPhone lineup could include a 4-inch model. the idea would be to appeal to “female users” who are put off by the larger screen size of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. analysts are predicting 71.5 million more units will sell over the holidays. the report doesn’t elaborate on whether Apple would create a new 4-inch iPhone from scratch, or refresh a previously launched model instead."
171,171,471,"the killing comes just weeks after the extremist group in Iraq killed U.S. journalist James Wright Foley. last week, the mother of the 31-year-old journalist released a video message to ISIS in which she begged for their mercy. ""my son Steven is in your hands,"" she said in the video. the group is now threatening to execute another hostage, British journalist David Cawthorne Haines."
172,172,473,"the luxury watch edition will be kept in safes in stores, sources say. the sports model will retail in the us from $349 (£230) safes will come equipped with Apple's patented MagSafe magnetic chargers. the watch will be available in three versions - the standard and the luxury. the watch will be available in rose or yellow gold."
173,173,479,"Jugal Kishore, 25, had an epileptic fit at the wedding of his wife-to-be. the bride changed her mind and said she would marry a guest at the wedding. the pandit, who was her sister's brother-in-law, fumbled for a moment before declaring he would take Indira as his wife."
174,174,485,al-Sisi offered to extend Sinai and form a Palestinian state. al-Sisi offered to extend the Sinai peninsula. al-Sisi also offered to form a state for the palestinian people. al-Sisi has denied the offer.. a spokesman for al-Sisi says he is not a spokesman for the israeli government.
175,175,486,the largest corporate jobs cull in history is being called by the company. the cuts are being dubbed project chrome internally at the company. the cuts are likely to affect the company's mainframe and storage divisions. the company's problems stem from the fact customers are moving their storage infrastructure to the cloud. the company's problems were underscored last week when it announced weak quarterly revenue figures.
176,176,489,"photo of giant crab, dubbed Crabzilla, went viral after it was published in the Sunday Express on 12 October 2014. despite the claim, most likely the crabzilla photo is just the result of some digital fakery. the crab is believed to be a giant 50-foot crab with crushing claws. the crab is believed to be a'sad' creature, but it is not a'sad' creature."
177,177,491,"Apple may use faster LPDDR4 RAM technology in its next-generation iPhone 6s. the RAM modules offer low power consumption and a significant performance increase. the next-generation iPhone also is rumored to sport the same design as the iPhone 6. the report also hints at the adoption of ""Force Touch"" technology on the apple watch. a similar feature could be used on the iphone 6 and 6 plus."
178,178,492,mother and brother claim the US threatened them over ransom payments. a u.s. official says the family has been contacted by the u.s. government. the family is suing the u.s. for ransom money. the family has been contacted by a u.s. embassy in texas.
179,179,496,apple is hosting a media event on march 9. analyst says the smartwatch will cost $550 and the edition will cost $950. he says the smartwatch will be available in stores and online. the event is a play on the day light saving change happening on march 8. he says the smartwatch will be available in the u.s. and europe.
180,180,501,images of a giant crab in Kent have appeared on the website weird whitstable. site features all manner of supernatural stories and pictures. jury is out on whether the image does show a giant crustaction. site was set up by artist quinton winter and features image taken from Whitstable Harbour. site features aerial images of a giant crab in the harbour.
181,181,507,"father of five fan Lung, 32, used wife's cellphone to send lover email. wife, 21, snuck into bedroom and cut off his penis while he was sleeping. doctors able to sew it back on, but she hacked it off again and threw it out the window. police believe it may have been stumbled upon by a stray dog or cat."
182,182,517,"the men were taken into custody at a border crossing near Niagara Falls, WCVB-TV reports. the men were reported missing from a training exercise at a beach resort in Massachusetts. they were not armed and had no access to weapons during their training, officials say. the men were in the country legally and had broken no laws, a military spokeswoman says."
183,183,519,the new rules would prevent any one but close relatives sitting next to the opposite gender. the new rules follow Saudia Airline's strong flight code of not offering alcoholic beverages or pork dishes. many of the airlines run by the Gulf countries abide by Islamic laws. the female airline crew of Etihad do not wear a veil as part of their uniform.
184,184,525,"the hackers have sent a new message to Sony executives, a source says. the message is titled ""Message from GOP,"" and is titled ""Message from GOP"" the anonymous hackers have called themselves ""Guardians of Peace"" the studio is still reeling from a cyberattack that crippled its computer systems. the film, ""The Interview,"" was released on christmas day."
185,185,528,a source close to death says the late comedienne went into cardiac arrest. a staff member at the clinic told investigators the doctor also took a selfie with Rivers. the clinic issued a statement denying reports that any vocal cord biopsy has ever been done. the clinic also stated that Dr. Cohen had resigned from his position as medical director.
186,186,535,the cat has both male and female genitalia. the cat would need to be spayed and neutered. the cat has bowel issues and problems urinating as a result of its dual gender. the vet told the cat would need to be both spayed and neutered. it will then have reconstructive surgery once a gender is assigned.
187,187,540,"cnn's john sutter: this is the most passive-aggressive office battle we've ever seen. sutter: ""this is the most passive-aggressive office battle we've ever seen"" he says the office battle is the most passive-aggressive office battle we've ever seen. sutter: ""this is the most passive-aggressive office battle we've ever seen"""
188,188,543,"the men were beheaded, according to unconfirmed reports. it's possible they were crucified. the men are accused of spying and embezzlement. the men are believed to have been executed. the men are believed to have been executed on charges of spying and embezzlement. a counter-extremism think tank says the news isn't surprising."
189,189,548,Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner adopted a boy as her godson. he would not turn into a werewolf and eat babies. a law was passed in the 1920s to counteract the effect. yair was the first Jewish boy in argentina to be adopted by the president. he wrote to the president asking for the honor and got his wish.
190,190,549,"the fake news site NBCToday.co has over 159,000 facebook shares, along with over 39,000 Likes. the fake news story states that police responded to Hugh Hefner’s estate on December 28 at approximately 9 a.m., where his body was identified. however, as can be seen from his wife Crystal Hefner’s twitter update, Hugh is alive and enjoying his time with family."
191,191,556,"police commissioner from Limoges, france, turned up dead from a gun shot to the head on tuesday amid the Charlie Hebdo affair. a back story appears to have been inserted simultaneously, most likely from the very same police media liaisons. a back story appears to have been inserted from the very same police media liaisons, who then told the press that Fredou was ‘depressed and overworked’."
192,192,558,"a source who is a middleman contacted by ISIS to broker the deal told BuzzFeed that the terror group is trying to present it as an act of mercy for the family. the terror group had been financing its military by selling oil produced by the wells in the areas it has captured. but with the price of crude oil now plummeting and the united states and. uk standing firmly by their policy to not pay ransoms, ISIS devised the plan to sell the corpse."
193,193,561,"the massage therapist says she called 50 or 60 doctors to have the surgery. she says she saved up for two years for the surgery that she hopes will land her a reality television show on mtv. last month, she uploaded a video of herself modeling in a bikini as Radiohead plays in the background. she says she was filmed when she told her parents about the surgery in hopes that the video will be featured on her own reality show."
194,194,563,"HP will split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses. each of the two businesses contribute about half of HP's current revenue and profit. the move will result in a monumental reshaping of one of technology's most important pioneers. HP is the latest in a line of companies to spin off operations in an attempt to become more agile."
195,195,566,a top airport official says the rebels took all U.S. Embassy vehicles parked at the airport. the official says the rebels wouldn't let departing marines take their weapons with them. the u.s. marines deny the allegations. the country has been a key target for the u.s. in its fight against al qaeda.
196,196,575,"a bogus website with the url — nbctoday.co — published a story on Sunday with the headline: “Breaking: Playboy Tycoon Hugh Hefner Passes Away at Age of 88.” by the way, the official website for the today show is www.today.com. the story was shared 130,000 times and the huge influx of traffic shut down the site at different times during the evening."
197,197,576,"reports claim that LG Display will be the first supplier of the OLED displays that the Apple watch is said to be using. rumor also states that Samsung is reported to be joining in on the display sales sometime as early as the second half of 2015 or very early 2016 potentially for the next version of the Apple watch. if true, it’s certainly possible for LG Display to make more screens for other Apple products."
198,198,579,"afton Elaine Burton, 27, and her friend, Craig Hammond, 27, 'planned to lay out manson's remains in a glass crypt' but they'refused to give consent to have his body when he dies'. fiancee'strung them along' and 'he's finally realised he's been played for a fool'"
199,199,580,"the 81-year-old's female ear, nose and throat doctor stepped in after her gastroenterologist discovered something on her vocal cords. the biopsy was not authorized, as Rivers never signed a consent form. the ENT snapped a selfie with the comedienne while she was under anesthesia – a major violation of privacy."
200,200,584,report: Lenovo is interested in buying BlackBerry. the company is rumored to be offering $15 per share for the smartphone maker. the company has already purchased Motorola from google. the company intends to launch a new subsidiary in china. a new subsidiary in china will focus on smartphones. a new version of the ios xbox will be released in january.
201,201,590,"one McDonald's on the Ohio River and another in Spencer, west Virginia, both owned by Greg Mills, still serve piping hot McPizzas day in and day out. according to employee Judy Norman, it’s the same pizza as they sold when she started there 11 years ago. there are days where just every so often you get a pizza [order]."
202,202,594,the video shows a bound and kneeling journalist being held at knife-point. it is the second such killing carried out by Islamic State militants. the president has said the united states would not be intimidated by the bloodshed. the u.s. has carried out more than 100 airstrikes against Islamic State fighters in Iraq. a spokesman for the journalist's family says the video is authentic.
203,203,596,woman who reported adding third breast was most likely lying. naomi koenig: woman who reported adding third breast was most likely lying. koenig: woman who reported adding third breast was most likely lying. koenig: woman who reported adding third breast was most likely lying. koenig: woman who reported adding third breast was most likely lying.
204,204,597,"no details are available on the specific location for the plant. governor is talking to state lawmakers about scheduling a special session to approve financial incentives for Tesla. five states have reportedly competed to house the facility: Nevada, California, Arizona, Texas and New Mexico reportedly have been in the running for the facility. the $5 billion plan is set to begin production of 500,000 lithium battery packs by 2017 for use in Tesla’s Model 3 cars."
205,205,602,the airline said it decided to act following recurrent complaints from passengers objecting to having males seated next to their wives. the airline said it would include instructions to flight booking staff at the Gulf kingdom's airports to ensure males and females are separated. the rules will be enforced by the conservative Gulf kingdom. the airline said it will include instructions to ensure males and females are separated aboard Saudia's flights unless they are closely related.
206,206,605,airliner in Saudi Arabia has a new in-flight plan that involves gender segregation. males and females will not be allowed to sit adjacent to one another unless they are close relatives. the move is in keeping with Saudi Islamic law. some say it violates human rights laws. but others say it's pure gender inequality and a violation of the law.
207,207,606,"5-year-old boy was invited to a friend's birthday party. his parents told his mother he would attend the party. but later, they realized they already had made other plans. the bill was $24. the woman who paid the fee threatened to take them to small claims court. a facebook page has been set up to help the family."
208,208,613,a convoy of senior militants was attacked by a coalition airstrike in northern Iraq. local media reports say the leader of the group was among those hit. the elusive leader is among those reportedly killed in the airstrike. the u.s. and the coalition are unable to confirm al-Baghdadi's fate.
209,209,617,"report says that Apple plans to eliminate the Beats Music streaming service, which it acquired in May, but doesn’t say when. sources tell TechCrunch that on-demand music could be integrated into iTunes. beats music CEO Ian Rogers was put in charge of Apple’s ad-supported iTunes Radio product in august. after three months it had only 250,000 subscribers, compared to over 10 million on Spotify."
210,210,619,"girl, 17, attacked her 25-year-old boyfriend with battery acid. she found their sex tape online and poured it on him. the girl said she was tricked by her boyfriend who had sex with her without a condom. the girl said she intends to pour the acid on her boyfriend's penis. the sex tape has reportedly leaked."
211,211,627,"Microsoft will buy ""Minecraft"" game developer Mojang for $2.5 billion. the acquisition is expected to be break-even in the full-year 2015. the company is known for business software like Word and Outlook. the acquisition will help expand its gaming division. a ""halo"" shooter game and ""forza"" racing game are also included."
212,212,629,"9-year-old girl wrote a hearfelt letter to her teacher after he revealed he was gay. she said: 'even though you’re gay, i will always treat you the same way as I do now'. the teacher said: 'you shared a personal secret which was very brave'. he added: 'you don’t have to feel scared because I know that everone in the class feels the same way as I do'"
213,213,631,"police officer fired non-lethal bean bag round at car her boyfriend was driving. officer shattering passenger side window and leaving her face a bloody mess. ""i will have justice for what they did to me,"" conner wrote on facebook. ""but I'm happy I'm alive,"" she wrote on facebook. police made 16 arrests after police moved in to clear the area."
214,214,635,"apple is reportedly buying social network path. the app is likely to survive the acquisition by being incorporated into Messages. the company has been hemorrhaging employees and making desperate attempts to bounce back. the company has been releasing private messengers and premium versions. a source says the deal is ""essentially a done deal"". a spokesman for the company says the acquisition is a ""very positive step"""
215,215,637,"a robotic vacuum cleaner ""attacked"" a south Korean woman while she slept. the woman was unable to free herself from the robot and called the fire department for help. paramedics removed several strands of hair from the machine's nozzle. the incident highlighted the potential risk of this type of accident in south Korea. a robot vacuum cleaner is equipped with sensors allowing them to clean surfaces by detecting dirt."
216,216,641,"the ship left Sierra Leone on July 13 2014 in destination of the Mexican city of Tampico. the captain of the ship reported that three of the crew members were beginning to show distressing symptoms that suggested they could be infected with ebola. the ship is believed to be infested with thousands of ebola-ridden rats, fear local health authorities. the ship could now pose an important threat to the american public, as the ship is believed to be infested with thousands of starving rats"
217,217,642,"the photos aren't meant to show actual school lunches. many versions replaced the original U.S. entry with an intentionally gross one. if America should be ashamed of its school lunches, it's not because they don't live up to a bunch of restaurant-quality food porn. the daily mail's story does nothing to imply that the photos aren't from actual school lunches."
218,218,644,"report: apple is in the process of shutting down the Beats streaming music service. the streaming music service was bought by apple in may for $3 billion. sources say engineers working on Beats have already been moved to other projects. the service that Beats Music provides won't go anywhere, but the brand name might not survive. if it does, it could be a way to unify brands, the report says."
219,219,647,the company is said to be bringing tailor-made safes to its retail locations for the secure overnight storage of its gold Apple Watches. the specially designed safes will hold demo devices as well as on-sale stock. the smartwatch model set for the special treatment – the Apple Watch Edition – incorporates a case crafted from 18-karat gold.
220,220,656,crude futures hit 84.44 but have fallen back to 83.88. reports of pipeline belonging to Saudi Aramco in sudair Saudi Arabia. unconfirmed reports at the moment but a pipeline belonging to Saudi Aramco. a pipeline belonging to Saudi Aramco in sudair Saudi Arabia. a pipeline belonging to Saudi Aramco in sudair Saudi Arabia.
221,221,659,the dictator reportedly became addicted to cheese while an exchange student in Switzerland. he has it imported despite multiple sanctions. the extent of his obesity and subsequent health problems became apparent at a recent ceremony in Pyongyang. the dictator has even tried enroll north Korean cooks in European cheese making classes and sent envoys to France. he has even tried to enroll north Korean cooks in European cheese making classes.
222,222,661,"jasmine tridevil underwent surgery to get a third breast. she spent close to $20,000 on the procedure. her parents are displeased with the surgery. she says she's not happy with the results. ""i don't want to date anymore,"" she says. a doctor says she's ""a little bit scared"" of having the third breast."
223,223,665,"the men were reported missing by the Massachusetts national guard. they were taking part in a training exercise at a base in Cape cod. they were found near Niagara Falls, where they were trying to cross into canada. the men were last seen on a day off at the Cape Cod mall in Hyannis. the soldiers were taking part in a regional cooperation exercise."
224,224,668,the original apple watch health features were dropped due to consistency problems. the skin conductivity features didn't perform well with people with hairy arms or dry skin. the company is currently asking developers to have their Apple Watch apps ready by mid-February. the company has confirmed the apple watch will launch in April. a report by the WSJ says the watch will be available in april.
225,225,671,woman who claimed she had third breast was lying and story is a hoax. nancy koenig: hoax story is a hoax. koenig: hoax story is a hoax. koenig: hoax story is a hoax. koenig: hoax story is a hoax.
226,226,673,"three men from the afghanistan national army went missing from a training exercise. they were found near the canada border, according to sources close to the investigation. the men are senior military officers from Afghanistan and were cleared to participate. the soldiers arrived at Joint Base Cape cod on sept. 11. the two-week annual exercise is designed to strengthen relationships between the us and participating nations."
227,227,675,female fighter known as'rehana' celebrated as a symbol of hope for the town. picture of her making peace sign was retweeted thousands of times. gruesome pictures of an Isis fighter purportedly holding aloft her head circulated. she was killed after a journalist tweeted a picture of her making a 'v-sign'.
228,228,679,"Igor Vorozhbitsyn was walking to his favorite fishing spot in northern Russia when a bear leaped out of the woods and pinned him down. he thought he was about to die, but then Justin Bieber‘s “Baby” started playing on his phone. according to bear experts, bears are easily scared away by sudden, loud noises, ideally made with air horns, yelling, or, apparently, the tinny scre"
229,229,680,ambassador to the united nations calls on the security council to investigate allegations that Isis is harvesting organs. he claims militants are harvesting the organs as a way of financing the extremist group's activities. a fighter says it would be easier to harvest organs from prisoners but the group chooses not to. he says organ-selling would not raise substantial funds to maintain the group.
230,230,681,"a man was boarding a flight from new york to Dallas on tuesday. he was greeted by a flight attendant who also wished him a ""merry christmas"" the man raged before lecturing the attendants and the pilot about their faux pas. the flight left LaGuardia about 40 minutes late."
231,231,685,"the 81-year-old comedian was scheduled to receive just an endoscopy at the yorkville endoscopy clinic. after the clinic’s medical doctor Lawrence Cohen finished the procedure, an unidentified doctor performed an unplanned biopsy on her vocal cords. investigators think that Joan‘s vocal cords began to swell during the biopsy, which caused oxygen to stop flowing to her lungs. this led to her going into cardiac arrest."
232,232,697,"a tradition holds that the seventh son of a family is doomed to turn into a werewolf. many seventh sons were killed after they were born, which started the practice in 1907. argentina's president recently adopted a young Jewish man to stop him from turning into a werewolf. a spokesman for the argentine government says the story is not true."
233,233,700,"video purports to show how men who whistle and make sexist comments on the streets were tricked by a film team. the team played out dressing the abusers’ mothers differently and disguising them. the original has had over 5 million views. it also features volleyball player and coach Natalia Málaga. back in 2013, she and everlast put together a campaign to stop street harassment."
234,234,705,"south african man, 25, lost the use of his penis following an acid attack by his 17-year-old girlfriend. the girl apparently cannot be named as she is under age. she went to a tavern where her boyfriend was drinking with friends. she doused her genitals with acid and he has to urinate through a hose."
235,235,710,"the family of slain journalist James Foley are claiming they were threatened with prosecution. the threats were made to the Foley family over the summer. the family says they were ""horrified"" by the threat. the family says they were told they would be prosecuted if they paid a ransom. a decorated military official is on the white house's national security council."
236,236,711,"yair Tawil became the first Jewish godson of a president in Argentina’s history. he was adopted under a law passed in the 1920s to counteract an old legend about werewolves. under the law, the boys receive presidential protection, a gold medal and a scholarship for all studies until their 21st birthday. Until 2009, the law only applied to Catholic boys."
237,237,717,"three soldiers from Afghanistan's army were reportedly caught at the Canadian border. they were on an off-base trip to a mall in Cape cod, Massachusetts. the soldiers were training at a military training exercise. there is no indication they pose any threat to the public, a military spokesperson says. a spokesperson says there is speculation the soldiers were ""trying to defect"""
238,238,728,the 52-year-old woman took a break between chores in her home in south Korea. she awoke in agony after the machine mistook her hair for dust. emergency workers quickly worked to untangle her from the vacuum. the woman was not injured in the incident. she was not charged for the incident. a spokesperson for the fire brigade said the woman was not being treated.
239,239,733,image shows a 15-metre-wide crustacean lurking in shallow water. some claim it is proof of 'crabzilla' but others say it is a hoax. the image was posted on a website called weird Whitstable. the largest known species of crab is the japanese spider crab. the largest known species of crab is the 3.5-metre spider crab.
240,240,735,"a new video allegedly depicts the beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff. if it does depict his death, he would be the second american journalist to be executed by IS. a previous video of a British jihadi killing a journalist in syria shows the militant executing a man. the man cites ""aggression"" against IS by the u.s. and says his life ""depends upon... [obama's] next"
241,241,736,#Ferguson protester claims she was shot in the eye with a rubber bullet. a false story was revealed by cnn. a smh...... a...... a.......
242,242,739,"Xue paan, 37, was sending text messages to her boyfriend while on the loo. toddler Qiang Qiang walked in and asked if he could use her mobile. but instead of giving him the phone, the fuming aunt went into the kitchen. she picked up a knife and severed the boy's penis while his mother was visiting a neighbour in a city in central china's henan province."
243,243,745,"the tech giant is about to split into two companies, according to the wsj. the PC-centric group would be headed by one of its existing executives. current CEO meg Whitman would run the business group and keep an eye on the other company. the separation could be announced as early as Monday. if true, the rumor may be true, but it wouldn't be all that surprising."
244,244,746,"a woman claims she had plastic surgery to get a third breast. she says she's appeared on ""inside edition"" and ""jimmy kimmel live!"" but so far, she's not interviewed. she says she's not a doctor, but she's a filmmaker. she says she's not a doctor, but she's a ""strange woman"""
245,245,747,"the point on the crown of the digital crown corresponds to the strap color. this raises the question of whether buyers are enabled to color-adjust the crown. there are several ways, but we can only speculate. it may be possible to replace the crown, so that the color can be changed as needed. a new version of the watch is expected to launch in october."
246,246,749,denis McDonough says he didn't threaten anyone. he says the administration explained what the law is. he says the president's plan for fighting ISIS is bolstering local fighting forces. he says the u.s. is at war with al qaeda. he says the u.s. is at war with al qaeda.
247,247,750,Mohamed alhakim said bodies with surgical incisions and missing body parts have been found in shallow mass graves near ISIS stronghold Mosul. he said a dozen doctors have been executed in Mosul for refusing to participate in organ harvesting. he also accused ISIS of 'crimes of genocide' in targeting certain ethnic groups.
248,248,751,envoy to the united nations says bodies are missing organs. he also accuses ISIS of being guilty of crimes of genocide. he says the extremist group is harvesting organs to finance its operations. he says the group is targeting ethnic groups. he also says it is targeting the Shi'ite community and ethnic minorities.
249,249,753,a 50ft giant monster crab was caught yards from the shore of a seaside town. visitors are flocking to the seaside town of Whistable in the hopes of catching it. the photo has gone viral in recent days. a rumoured 50 foot crab is believed to be the monster crab. a crabzilla fanatic has been photographed in the seaside town of whistable.
250,250,758,"fisherman was attacked by a bear while on his way to a fishing spot in northern Russia. the 42-year-old man's cell phone started ringing and the bear fled. he is now recovering from the attack and is still recovering from it. thanks for being terrifying to bears, Justin. if you’re trying to fend off a bear attack and this doesn’t work... try this!"
251,251,762,"analyst predicts that apple will begin shipping the apple watch in march. he also predicts that it will launch its new 12-inch MacBook Air during this quarter. the 12-inch MacBook Air is expected to feature a new ultra-thin, fan-less design. the notebook is also said to be one of the first to take advantage of the new reversible USB connector."
252,252,764,"jasmine tridevil, 21, is a young lady from Tampa, florida. she said she got a third breast a few months ago. she said she was told to sign a nondisclosure agreement. she didn't reveal the name of the doctor who performed the procedure. she said she saved up for two years so that it could happen."
253,253,765,Argentine president yair Tawil adopted by his parents to stop him turning into a werewolf. tradition has been in place since 1907 but was established in 1973. ceremony took place at the same time as the upcoming hanukkah celebrations. he is the first child to be adopted by a Jewish family. he is the seventh son born to a family and is the first to be adopted.
254,254,766,"fisherman Igor Vorozhbitsyn's attack by a brown bear was interrupted by a ringtone. ""baby"" started blaring, causing the bear to run off. ""living with embarrassment is a small price to pay for your life,"" he says. he says he was able to take on the bear in the russian city of kutia."
255,255,768,"a recent report suggests an NHL team coming to Las Vegas is a certainty. there has been movement on the expansion front recently. the NHL has two open spots in the western conference to even things out. if the NHL expanded to the most long-rumored top candidate of Seattle, that would help. the city of london is a great place to start, but it's not a perfect fit for a city like london."
256,256,770,"the architect student, referred to only by his surname Han, went missing last month. he is believed to be the son of a close confidant of a close aide to a former leader's uncle. his father is known to have been killed recently as part of a regime purge of his allies. he is believed to have evaded abduction by agents of the communist regime."
257,257,771,"two locations in Ohio and west virginia serve the item you thought was extinct Millennial diners. the two restaurants, out of over 14,000 McDonald’s locations in America, are owned by a man named Greg Mills and located 90 miles apart from one another. the explosion in popularity of drive-through restaurants brought about the demise of the pizza. the ovens were said to have slowed down sales and restaurants weren’t pushing enough pizzas out to justify the expense."
258,258,774,"analyst predicts 5 million sales in its first quarter. the smartwatch will cost $350. three separate collections – Watch, Sport, and Edition – will be available. each running on an iOS-based software called Watch OS. a pre-order form is expected to be made for the watch. it will be available in october."
259,259,778,"romeo Fei Lin, 41, was asleep when four men burst into his flat. they put a bag over his head and pulled down his trousers and ran off. he told cops he was bleeding and his penis was gone. he had been accused of affairs with local women. police believe the attack was revenge assault. he denied it and said it was revenge for his affair with local women."
260,260,783,video released Tuesday claims to show the beheading of Steven Sotloff. he was the second journalist beheaded by the islamic state. the video was released after the execution of journalist James Foley. Developing.com has released a video of the beheading. a second journalist was beheaded by the islamic state.
261,261,784,"the plan is being implemented by Saudi Airlines, the daily mail reports. close relatives will be allowed to sit together, the report says. the plan follows recent complaints from male passengers about a ""flirty"" flight attendant. a flight from new york to israel was delayed for half an hour after ultra-Orthodox men refused to sit between two women."
262,262,785,"jasmine tridevil, 21, filed an incident report after losing a three-breast prosthesis. she claims she underwent her surgery a few months ago and it cost $20,000. she tried 50 to 60 doctors before she found one willing to perform the surgery. a new york plastic surgeon said she believes the surgery is a hoax."
263,263,786,"a new video shows what happens when men realize the women they're catcalling are their mothers. the video was sponsored by everlast and takes place in Lima, Peru. seven out of 10 women are harassed on the streets. the video is a tribute to the mothers who have been abused by street harassers. a spokesman for the sex abuse campaign says the video is a ""really cool thing"""
264,264,791,"the deal is be valued at more than $2 billion and could be signed as early as this week. ""Minecraft"" is a game where players build structures with blocks to protect against nocturnal monsters. the acquisition will add to Microsoft's Xbox video game business. in the same month Sony said it had sold more than 7 million PlayStation 4 units."
265,265,792,"a new report says the company plans to shutter the Beats Music service and brand. the move would be a change from the company's earlier focus on the headphones. a spokesman says the rumor is ""not true"" but that he's not a ""sad"" apple. the rumor would suggest that apple's $3 billion buyout of Beats was about the headphones."
266,266,799,"a second video allegedly shows the beheading of journalist Steven sotloff. the group had previously claimed he would be killed if the u.s. continued to attack in Iraq. the group also allegedly threatens a hostage, a british journalist. the Wire spoke with SITE to gather more information about the video."
267,267,801,analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has basically “confirmed” the rumors. he predicts that the apple watch will be released in march and the 12-inch MacBook Air later on in the quarter. the watch could see some supply constraint due to the wearable having low production yields. he also expects that apple will ship 2.5 million Apple Watch units in Q1 2015 alone.
268,268,802,"the tradition of the president adopting a seventh child began in 1907. the honor is only given to those in which seven sons are born consecutively, with no daughters in between. the president with most godsons was Juan Perón, who had 1,982 over three terms in office. the president with most godsons was a san francisco-based."
269,269,806,"a video shows men catcalling their own mothers in the streets of Lima, Peru. the video was made by the brand everlast, which shames men by getting them to catcall. the mothers turn around for the reveal and bitch these men out. the video is a must-watch for all men with female relatives. a spokesman for the brand says the video is a 'complete waste of time'"
270,270,809,"unidentified briton injured in airstrikes on masked leaders of militant group. he narrowly escaped death after beheading two hostages held captive by islamic state. ten IS commanders were killed in the joint mission between the two countries. a spokesman for the foreign office said it was ""difficult to confirm"" the reports."
271,271,810,"fisherman says ringtone of ""Baby"" prevented bear from killing him. bear mauled fisherman's face and chest, inflicting serious cuts and bruises. ""my granddaughter loaded it onto my phone for a joke,"" fisherman says. bear expert: bears find music offensive, but sharp shock can stop bear in its tracks."
272,272,811,"Apple plans to continue Beats Electronics' music streaming service, Beats Music. the service was one of the key reasons Apple bought beats electronics. you pay $10 per month for unlimited access to songs from all the major record labels. the service was one of the key reasons Apple bought beats. a spokesperson for the company said the company is ""very interested"""
273,273,813,"grizzly bear pounced on fisherman Igor Vorozhbitsyn in northern Russia. the beast had pounced on the singer and would have certainly killed him. wildlife experts believe it must have startled the bear into halting its attack. 'that ringtone would be a very unexpected sound for a bear,' said one."
274,274,814,claim that protestors in Hong Kong are consciously borrowing gesture from Ferguson is uncertain. protestors in Ferguson are not consciously borrowing gesture from Ferguson. a protester in a protest in hong kong is a protester in a protest in syria. a protester in a protest in syria is a protester in syria.
275,275,820,law banning 'tempting eyes' has been branded'stupid' by dissenters. spokesman of committee said they 'had the right' to force women to cover face. many commentators wondered how the word 'tempting' would be applied. prince naif looks likely to be as intolerant as his father.
276,276,823,"apple's Steve Jobs was infamous for his brutal email responses to customers. redditor lerde recently recounted how he reached out to Tim Cook via email about the ""super low quality"" hold music played while on hold with Apple. lerde: ""the next time I called apple, the hold music was indeed very pleasant"" he says that he gets ""hundreds, sometimes thousands of emails from customers"""
277,277,835,islamic state fighters release video of beheading of american journalist. video comes after beheading of journalist in 2012. militants threaten to kill sotloff unless the us stops air strikes in Iraq. a u.s. terrorism watchdog first reported the video's existence. a u.s. terrorism watchdog first reported the video's existence.
278,278,836,"a doctored image of a protester in Ferguson went viral. the image was shared more than 28,000 times on facebook. a local man says he is surprised by the backlash to the meme. he says he is ""saddened"" by the backlash. a spokesman for the protests says it is ""not a political issue"""
279,279,838,wife 'flipped into rage after discovering flirty email exchange on her phone' husband's pride and joy was snipped off as he slept at his home. he was taken to hospital where he had it sewn back on. but his fuming spouse slipped into his treatment room and cut it off again. he is now in a stable condition but is under arrest for grievous bodily harm.
280,280,841,"a robot vacuum cleaner has attempted to eat a local woman, reports say. the woman appears to have forgotten that her robot vacuum cleaner was set to patrol the area. the vacuum woke up and sucked 5cm of her hair into its innards. the fire department dismantled the vacuum and rescued the woman. the moral to this story appears simple and sounds nicely Old Testament."
281,281,849,police identify myron may as the gunman who killed three people. he was a 2005 fsu alum who had moved back into the area in recent weeks. he was shot and killed by officers responding to 911 calls. a student says he was near the gunman when the shooting started. a lawyer says he was a lawyer who worked at the university.
282,282,857,"story claims illegal loggers tore down tree thought to be more than 5,800 years old. tree is said to have taken place in the Matsés Indigenous Reserve. reports even contain a quote from the tribe's leader, who said tree was 'the mother spirit of the rainforest' but the story is nothing more than a hoax. original report was published on satirical website world news daily report."
283,283,861,argentina's president adopts a seventh son to prevent him becoming a werewolf. a legend says the seventh son born after six boys with no girls in between is liable to become one of the mythical creatures. fear was so rife in the country that families would often give up their seventh-born sons for adoption or even kill them.
284,284,863,"police say suspect was an alumnus, according to a report by the ap. three other students were injured and the gunman was shot and killed by police. the suspect, myron may, graduated from the university before attending texas tech. he was fatally shot after he shot three people at the Florida state library."
285,285,864,al-Britani believed to have been killed in Syria. al-Britani is believed to have been killed by jihadists in iraq and syria. al-britani is believed to have been killed by a jihadist in iraq. al-britani is believed to have been killed by a jihadist in iraq.
286,286,865,"a doctor took a selfie while rivers was under anesthesia, a source says. a biopsy was done on her without her consent, the source says. investigators believe her vocal chords swelled during the allegedly unauthorized biopsy. the clinic denies any vocal cord biopsy has ever been done at the clinic. a clinic official says the doctor is not performing procedures."
287,287,866,children as young as 9 were forced to imitate real dog fights. they placed bets on which child would cause the most injury. the horrific form of abuse came to light in a school in sweden. but not much has been done to help the children involved. the children were doing this because adults were encouraging them. they were doing this because they were playing dog fighting role-play.
288,288,868,analyst predicts the apple watch will ship in march. he predicts the 12-inch MacBook Air will launch before the end of the first quarter. rumors are swirling about a release date for the watch. the 12-inch model has been suggested to feature a retina display. a leak of the laptop's display just days ago could back up his prediction.
289,289,870,spokesman for president abbas says al-Sisi has not made an offer to extend the Gaza Strip. he claims his predecessor morsi had made such an offer to abbas. he says al-Sisi has not made an offer to extend the Gaza Strip. he says al-Sisi has not made an offer to extend the Gaza Strip.
290,290,875,"source: china's Lenovo could make offer to acquire Canadian company, BlackBerry. source: first offer would be $15.00 per share, with a deal ultimately getting done around $18.00 per share. a spokesperson for BlackBerry told Benzinga on Saturday, the company does not comment. BlackBerry closed Friday at $9.49, a gain of 2 percent."
291,291,876,fisherman was heading to a fishing spot in northern Russia when bear pounced. his ringtone went off and the bear fled into the forest. wildlife experts say it was the music's volume that scared the bear away. he suffered several cuts and large bruises around his face and chest. he is currently recovering from his vicious attack.
292,292,878,"'Elf on a Shelf' trend originated with and run by the nsa. elves have accumulated petabytes of data. 'they can tell things about people's health — cancer, heart disease, liver disease' 'they have incorporated advanced sensors into these things that can uncover all kinds of information,' journalist Glenn Greenwald told reporters."
293,293,881,"sources tell the WSJ that HP will split its personal-computer and printer segments. the company reorganized itself in 2012 under CEO Meg Whitman. the split could come as early as Monday, the sources say. the company reported $27.8 billion in revenue for the first six months of this year. a separate enterprise group would be formed under the new split."
294,294,884,a source who is a middleman contacted by ISIS to broker the deal told BuzzFeed that ISIS is trying to present it as an act of mercy for the family. he is concerned the US will stop the deal even if the family wants it. the terrorist group had been financing its military by selling oil produced by the wells in the areas it has captured.
295,295,889,jasmine tridevil claimed she got a third breast implanted in the center of her chest. she said she recorded the surgery and it will be on her show. a property receipt was written when she went to retrieve her recovered items. a spokesman for the fbi says the investigation is ongoing. a spokesman for the fbi says the investigation is ongoing.
296,296,890,"three men were apprehended at a border crossing near Niagara Falls. they were on a training exercise at Joint Base Cape Cod. the soldiers were last seen at the Cape Cod mall in Hyannis. it's not unusual for foreign military members to go missing when they are in the u.s. for training missions. a spokesman for the u.s. military says the soldiers were ""thoroughly vetted"""
297,297,893,"photograph of colossal crustacean has gone viral off the english coast. it appears to be spotted in the waters of Whistable, in the north east of the country. invertebrate expert Paul Clark at the natural history museum in london has branded the photo a hoax. he said: ""i had a good giggle about it - it's ridiculous. it's definitely not real"""
298,298,894,customer reportedly effected change in quality of on hold music. apple's chief executives have been famously open to customer suggestions. he has admitted to receiving hundreds of emails from customers every day. he also said he was able to get a lot of feedback from customers. a recent post on reddit says he was able to induce change in the quality of on hold music.
299,299,895,"father of five fan Lung, 32, used his wife's cellphone to send his secret lover a hot email. his wife, 21-year-old wife, caught the saucy exchange and snapped. she then snuck into his hospital room and cut off his penis. police believe it may have been stumbled upon by a stray dog or cat."
300,300,896,"south Korean woman attacked by robot vacuum cleaner while she slept. she was forced to call emergency services with ""desperate rescue plea"" 52-year-old woman was eventually extracated from the machine and suffered only minor injuries. incident could provide ""a peek into a dystopian future"" in which robots turn against humans. iRobot Roomba remote control vacuum cleaner is selling more than ten million units."
301,301,897,a tradition in argentina has been rumored to be a response to the murder of 7th children. the argentine president adopted a young man as her godson. but the man did not adopt him to stop him from turning into a werewolf. a seventh child is a mythical creature that terrorizes the countryside at night.
302,302,898,"Jugal Kishore, 25, fell to the ground during the traditional exchange of flower garlands. his illness was a shock to his wife-to-be, 23-year-old Indira. she was furious she had not been told of his condition. instead of calling off the wedding, she quickly chose wedding guest. after the swap, the ceremony continued as planned until he returned from hospital."
303,303,901,the office thief gets his comeuppance. he was caught on camera stealing a sandwich. the incident is now being investigated. a tit-for-tat between the two is making its way around the internet. a thief is also being investigated for stealing a sandwich. he was sentenced to a year in prison.
304,304,904,the company plans to announce the move as early as Monday. the division would be made through a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders next year. the company plans to announce the move as early as thursday. the division would be made through a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders next year. the company plans to announce the move as early as thursday.
305,305,905,"the apple watch is expected to launch in the united states in the month of April. it will be available in the united states and then in germany. the event is scheduled for april 15 in san francisco. the event will be followed by a live blog and twitter event on monday. if the event goes ahead, we'll be live-blogging and tweeting directly from the event."
306,306,910,"a 9-year-old boy brought his ring to school in a playful act of make-believe. he told a classmate he could make him disappear with a ring forged in middle earth. the boy's father says his son ""didn't mean anything by it"" the boy's school has suspended him three times this school year."
307,307,911,a story popped up on reddit revealing how one user allegedly convinced Tim Cook to change Apple’s on-hold music. he told him that it sounded distorted and therefore surprisingly un-Apple-like in its lack of quality. hey presto! people dialling into Apple now get better-sounding hold music while they wait.
308,308,912,"standzout is a potential company showcasing its prototype of the Apple Watch. the accessory in focus is the ""Bandstand Apple Watch dock"" the dock uses an ""induction charging plate to power the gadget"" and holds the smartwatch in place. the company is reportedly planning to release a $30,150 priced version of the smartwatch. the company is also planning to release a sapphire and diamond-clad version of the gadget."
309,309,914,"a rabbi's son, 21, became the country's first Jewish presidential godson. he lit Hanukkah candles with his family. but the story became entangled with the ancient legend of the lobizón. a rabbi's son is also prone to fall victim to the curse. a rabbi's son is also prone to becoming a werewolf."
310,310,916,"the giant Samauma tree is thought to be over 5,800 years old. it is estimated to be close to 40 meters in height. native communities alarmed local media outlets and conservation groups when the tree was reported sawed down by heavy machinery. between 1991 and 2014, the total area of forest lost in the amazon has more than tripled. between 1991 and 2014, the total area of forest lost in the amazon has more than tripled."
311,311,918,"a newfoundland cat will need surgery to cure its bowel and urinary problems. the cat will need to be both spayed and neutered before the $1,500 reconstructive surgery. the cat is reportedly doing well after gender assignment surgery. the surgery is more a medical need than a cosmetic one. a cat with two genders may be uncommon, but they're not unheard of."
312,312,923,Yair Tawil is the first Jewish boy to be adopted. tradition says seventh son in a family turns into a werewolf. lobison feeds on unbaptized babies. yair Tawil is the first child to be adopted. a gold medal and educational scholarship are given to any family with seven sons.
313,313,925,"tubby dictator has become hooked on the holey treat when he was a student. he now imports it for his own consumption, while millions starve. prompted dissidents who have fled the closed nation to reveal he is in poor health. he is believed to stuff himself to look like his grandfather. he even sent envoys to France to try and enrol north Korean cooks on cheese making courses."
314,314,926,islamic state releases video of beheading of hostage. site intelligence service monitors iraqi government. iraqi government releases video of beheading of u.s. hostage. iraqi government releases video of beheading of u.s. hostage. u.s. hostage scott sotloff killed in beheading.
315,315,927,protesters in Hong Kong adopt same gesture as Ferguson protesters. it's unclear whether it's a coincidence or deliberate. cnn's john defterios asks: is it a coincidence? he asks. cnn's john defterios: it's not clear whether it's a coincidence or deliberate.
316,316,929,"the US will soon share the single monetary system used by 18 European Union member states. the surprise announcement resulted from secret overseas deals between Obama, foreign finance ministers and the federal reserve system. ""this step forward,"" announced Obama, ""will make it easier for Americans and Wall Street to compare prices"" to help with the conversion, a new whitehouse.gov website will launch in early 2015."
317,317,930,a u.n. envoy says 790 people were killed in armed conflict last month. a u.n. envoy says the group is targeting ethnic groups. a u.n. envoy says the group is selling human organs to finance its terror operations. a u.n. envoy says the group is targeting ethnic groups.
318,318,934,"fisherman Igor Vorozhbitsyn was attacked by a brown bear in the yakutia republic. he survived with only cuts and severe bruises to his face and chest. a wildlife expert says a sharp shock can stop an angry bear in its tracks. but the next time he’s attacked by pirates, he’s gotta crank that Britney Spears."
319,319,935,"a doctor took a selfie while the comic was under sedation, a source says. the 81-year-old went into cardiac arrest, then died, a source says. the ENT doctor began an unplanned biopsy on her vocal cords, the source says. the clinic countered the biopsy allegation last week. a clinic spokeswoman says it is investigating."
320,320,937,"manson's 90-day marriage license lapsed without a wedding, a journalist says. he says he's wise to a plot to put his body on public display for money. the couple's website says they're renewing their license. the madman is in prison for life. afton ""star"" is a fan of the madman."
321,321,940,"two locations owned by a guy along the ohio–west virginia border are still selling the ""pizza you won't believa"" the same pizza as they sold when Judy Norman started there 11 years ago. the ""pizza you won't believa"" is still available at the two locations. the chain's ""patented"" ovens needed five and a half minutes to bake."
322,322,943,"if that figure holds true, that would make it far and away the largest corporate layoff event in history. the problem is a complex mess of bad management – like laying off important people in the middle of a project. two-thirds of IBM's business is in services, and the services pipeline has dried up. a former IBMer who confirmed what he wrote in his book, the ""declination and fall of IBM,"" said the mainframe and storage areas will see deep cuts."
323,323,946,"a source says that apple is on the verge of buying flailing social network, path. path founder Dave Morin says he doesn't comment on rumors or speculation. he says he's hardly going to confirm the deal on stage to a reporter. he says he's a good entrepreneur, but he's not a good journalist."
324,324,953,"three men were reported missing after leaving a training exercise at Camp Edwards on Cape Cod. source says they are located at the border, apparently seeking asylum. the three men were last spotted at the Cape Cod mall in Hyannis. they were housed on the base and all participants at the exercise were vetted by central command. the three were last spotted at the mall on saturday night."
325,325,954,al-Sisi offered abbas a palestinian state by expanding the Gaza Strip. al-Sisi also offered a state in the savannah. al-Sisi's spokesman said he was 'not a fan of the idea'. al-Sisi's spokesman said he was 'not a fan of the idea'
326,326,960,"Iga Jasica, 19, had been taken to the central clinical hospital in the city of Katowice in southwest Poland for the operation to remove a cancerous growth. halfway through the critical surgery she woke up after the anaesthetic wore off and started talking to the surgeons about how it was going. doctors say her brain was exposed at the time."
327,327,963,"Argentinian president adopts Jewish boy Yair Tawil as her godson. he is the first Jewish godson as the honor only applied to Catholic boys until 2009. he appealed to the president and was accepted as the candidate. he is the seventh son born to a family with no daughters. a legend says he will turn into ""el lobison"" or a werewolf upon his 13th birthday."
328,328,967,"apple is looking to protect its soon-to-be-released apple watch edition. the company is bolstering up its security across all its stores. stores will also be using scales to weigh the watches upon return. the watch edition will be available in three variants. it will cost $349, but the company has remained silent on the watch edition."
329,329,970,"the Islamic State (IS or), also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), beheads and crucifies its own fighters. experts say decapitation has long been a routine practice in Saudi Arabia. the executions are not a surprise, as decapitation is common punishment practiced by sunni wahhabi sectarians."
330,330,973,"first executed on charge of ""banditry and robbing Muslims' money"" the other killed on charge of "" dealing with the regime and throwing electronic chips to keep track of Mujahedeen"" area of al Jbeleh in the city of Deir Ezzor bombarded by the regime forces. no information about casualties so far.."
331,331,976,"bart the cat was found dead in the road in a pool of his own blood after being hit by a car. five days later, he turned up at a nearby store looking for food. bart is expected to make a full recovery, but there is now a zombie cat on the loose. what you choose to do with that information is entirely up to you."
332,332,980,"report by respected journalist for Forbes said around 26% of the company's 430,000-strong workforce would be cut this week. previous largest redundancy was also carried out by IBM, when it cut 60,000 staff in 1993. rumours are sceptical about the size of the reported cuts. but an IBM spokeswoman said the rumour was ""ridiculous"" and ""baseless"""
333,333,985,"the free-lance journalist was abducted a year ago in Syria. he has a twitter account and last posted on august 3, 2013. the white house says it can't confirm the authenticity of the video. the CIA also said that it could not confirm authenticity. a jihadist monitoring group announced on twitter that the journalist had been beheaded."
334,334,987,"Kim Jong-un broke his ankle after consuming cheese, a report says. he has not been seen in public for almost a month. he has been put to bed after surgery to fix his fractured ankles. he has not been seen in public since june. he was reportedly a tyrant who ate cheese imported from the u.s."
335,335,990,Sony executives were congratulated on their decision to cancel the release of “The Interview” the hackers sent the studio an email congratulating them on their decision. the message also said they wanted everything related to the movie down from any website hosting them. the studio executives will “ensure the security of your data unless you make additional trouble”. a report says the emails included the message “you’ve done the right thing”
336,336,994,"the experiment took two mothers disguised them using make-up, wigs and clothes. the women then walked past their sons to gauge their reaction. the first case, the mother walks past her son and a friend in the street. the son then unwittingly makes a comment at his mother saying 'tasty panties'. the second case, the mother walks past her son, who calls her 'piggy'. she then takes off her wig and confronts"
337,337,995,Egyptian president al-Sisi proposed to palestinian president Abbas to extend the Gaza Strip. he also proposed to establish a Palestinian state. the report says that Egyptian president al-Sisi proposed to israeli president obama to extend the Gaza Strip. israeli army radio obtained the report. israeli army radio obtained the report.
338,338,998,"the image was posted on weird whitstable by a follower. it reveals the outline of a crab at the mouth of Kent harbor. the crab is shaped like an edible crab, a species commonly found in britain. but it only grows to be ten inches across, on average. the image was sent to winter by a follower."
339,339,1005,"the office note war between a sandwich thief and his colleagues has become an internet hit. the battle breaks out when someone has a sandwich stolen from the office fridge. Clearly irked, they leave their light-fingered a note, telling them to stop stealing. and the subsequent string of letters between the two doesn't disappoint."
340,340,1023,rebels seized weapons from U.S. marines and vehicles used by americans. the rebels were trying to abide by a white house order and leave the country. the u.s. state department has suspended its embassy operations. the rebels are tied to Iran and regard americans as enemies. the rebels are also tied to a u.s. military commander.
341,341,1030,"butte police commissioner bartholomew harrington is a wanted man in these parts. a satirical story about rob o'Neill posted on the internet has prompted everyone from ap reporters to law enforcement officers to call local authorities for information. Empire News posted a bogus article titled ""Bin Laden Shooter Rob O’Neill Mistakenly Attacked by Street Thugs Seeking To Collect Debt From Neighbor"""
342,342,1031,a masked figure in the video also issued a threat against a British hostage. the white house could not immediately confirm the authenticity of the video. the group published a video showing the beheading of hostage James Foley. the group said his death was in retaliation for airstrikes on fighters in Iraq.
343,343,1032,"Microsoft is in serious discussions to buy mojang, the independent Swedish studio responsible for Minecraft. an agreement could be signed this week, the site says. Mojang has historically been proud of its independence. in 2013, Mojang brought in a reported $326 million in revenue. in 2010, Mojang co-founder Markus ""Notch"" Persson turned down a job at Valve."
344,344,1033,a hoax report claims the child star was raped and drugged by cosby. the story is 100 percent false and fake. the actress herself took to Instagram to shoot down the story. a purported lawyer for the real Raven-Symone never made such a statement. a tv show has been criticized for its coverage of the rape allegations.
345,345,1037,"Tesla will build a ""gigafactory"" in Nevada, sources say. the deal could be a week before it is official. the state is planning a press conference in Carson City. click here for the latest on the markets. click here for the latest on the markets... click here for the latest on the markets..."
346,346,1038,"sources with ties to the terrorist group say they want to sell the remains of the beheaded hostage to his parents for $1million. they say they would deliver his body across the border to turkey for £638,000. the group also said it would provide a DNA sample to facilitate a deal. sources with ties to the group have been granted anonymity to protect their safety."
347,347,1039,"the 31-year-old was the second american executed by the Islamic militant group. his mother pleaded for mercy for her son, a freelance journalist who was captured in northern Syria a year ago. the same masked fighter who appeared in the video of another american beheaded by the group also appears beside him. the group says it is threatening a third captive, a briton it identified as the next beheading victim."
348,348,1043,"the new rule will be reportedly enforced by the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. the airline allegedly decided to take the step after complaints from male passengers. males and females will be separated aboard the airlines' flights unless they are closely related. the new enforcements will be reportedly enforced by the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. a spokesman for the airlines says the new rule is a ""very important step"""
349,349,1044,"police in Hong Kong warn they will use ""a higher level of force"" if ""public order"" is not restored. protesters mimicked the symbolic ""hands up, don't shoot"" gesture used in Ferguson. government leaders in Hong Kong and Beijing called the demonstrations ""unlawful"" and ""illegal"" many protesters say they will not waver."
350,350,1050,it is unlikely that Ferguson influenced the gestures used in Hong Kong. a number of protests have been photographed in the context of Ferguson. a number of protests have been held in the context of the protests in hong kong. a number of protests have been held in the context of the protests in hong kong. a number of protests have been held in the context of the protests in hong kong.
351,351,1052,"first militant executed for ""banditry and robbing Muslims' money"" second militant allegedly killed for ""dealing with the regime and throwing electronic chips to keep track of Mujahedeen"" unconfirmed reports that the men were beheaded. reports of Isis executing their own fighters are unsurprising. research suggests 24 jihadists from uk are dead."
352,352,1054,"hackers promise not to leak more private data unless Sony reverses decision. ""the interview"" premiered on tuesday after theater chains said they wouldn't show movie. the movie has no plans to release the movie through video on demand or online. the FBI is expected to announce friday that north Korea was involved in the hacks. a spokesman for the hacker group, ""guardians of peace,"" says the decision is ""a mistake"""
353,353,1059,"reports claim that apple is ready to announce an acquisition of social network path. the social network is a struggling social network. users are limited to 150 friends, with no option to share posts publicly. the app is also a great way to share music with friends. a major feature of Path is the ability to share what times you go to sleep and wake up."
354,354,1061,"a 32-year-old man in china sent his lover a sexual message. his wife saw the message and cut off his penis. she then cut off his penis a second time and threw it out a window. the woman is now under arrest for grievous bodily harm. ""it doesn't matter that he's lost his fertility, he has five children already,"" she says."
355,355,1062,apple is keeping its 18-karat gold Apple Watch Edition devices in specially installed safes. these custom safes will be fitted with chargers to ensure their safety. the smartwatch itself was unveiled along with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on September 9 last year. the company is also getting ready to switch up the current Apple Store layout to include apple Watch display tables.
356,356,1067,"jihadist group has until now filled $2million-a-year war chest from a variety of shadowy sources including oil production, human trafficking and drug smuggling. but it has been recruiting foreign doctors for months to harvest internal organs from dead fighters and living hostages. it has even set up specialist organ-smuggling division whose sole responsibility is to sell human hearts, livers and kidneys on the lucrative international black market."
357,357,1072,"stray cat has both male and female genitalia. owners of the cat have hoped for it to become female. but vets advised her to assign the cat's gender as male. the cat will be both spayed and neutered before reconstructive surgery. the cat will be both spayed and neutered before surgery is carried out. the $1,500 (£802) bill for the complicated surgery will be met thanks to a friend of the family who is auctioning old items on facebook."
358,358,1078,"Jugal Kishore, 25, was to wed Indira, 23, at a wedding in varmala, india. but after the ceremony, the groom had an epileptic fit and fell to the ground. in her anger, she allegedly declared she would happily marry Harpal Singh. after a bit of hesitation, Singh declared that he would marry Indira."
359,359,1080,"a young female fighter for the kurdish yPJ, or Women's Defense Unit, became an online celebrity after a picture of her making a victory sign was posted online. she became a symbol of hope for Kurdish supporters overnight. supporters of the militia group have now come forward with evidence to prove that Rehana has not been beheaded."
360,360,1082,"teen transgender teen killed after being struck by tractor-trailer on ohio highway. she took her own life and detailed exactly why she was killing herself. she was never accepted for being transgender, despite being gay at 16. ""i felt hopeless, that i was just going to look like a man in drag for the rest of my life"""
361,361,1086,"fighting is taking place just one mile to the west of the city. government forces desperately trying to hold off the militants. militants allegedly killed up to 1,000 soldiers during clashes yesterday. fighting comes despite ongoing western airstrikes against the terror group. jihadists have held a number of towns and villages close to the city. earlier in the year, government troops melted away following lightning advance."
362,362,1088,"source: cardiac arrest led to cardiac arrest. rivers' personal doctor performed biopsy on vocal cords, source says. comedian died at age 81. yorkville endoscopy denies reports of vocal cord biopsy. a doctor took a selfie in the procedure room while Rivers was under anesthesia. a doctor not certified by the clinic performed biopsy on Rivers' vocal cords."
363,363,1091,"the breakup would create one company that sells HP's computers and printers. a spokeswoman for HP declined to comment. the Palo Alto, California-based company has laid off thousands of employees in recent months. the shift has curbed demand for HP's desktop and laptop computers. a spokeswoman for HP declined to comment."
364,364,1092,"a stolen luggage report lists a ""3 breast prosthesis"" as part of the luggage. the report was filed by a massage therapist who was a victim of a hoax. this is the second time that a woman has been hacked into viral fame. in 2013, she made a man wear a dunce cap and a sign that says ""i beat women"""
365,365,1096,"a source at the clinic where Rivers went for a routine endoscopy claims that her doctor, Gwen Korovin, took a selfie with the unconscious comedian. sources for Korovin claim the statements regarding the photo are completely false and that no biopsy was performed. the doctor did not respond when questioned if she performed another procedure instead."
366,366,1100,"two strikes reported in al-Qaim, near the Syria-Iraq border. local government sources say an aircraft swooped over a meeting of senior ISIS figures. local hospital said to be overwhelmed with the volume of patients. al-Baghdadi is said to be among those injured in the strikes. he is said to be among those killed instantly by the bombs."
367,367,1102,yair Tawil is a member of a Chabad-Lubavitch family. he was adopted as a godson under a law passed in the 1920s. the law was passed to counteract a legend that led to the death of Argentine boys. he is the first Jewish godson of a president in argentina's history.
368,368,1105,IS militants have taken hold of one of Iraq's largest military bases. the base is within shooting range of Baghdad. the base is located in the outskirts of the city of syria. the militants are believed to be in the area of syria's southeastern border. a syrian army spokesman says the base is in a good position.
369,369,1108,some politicians on the right have supported al-Sisi's proposal to extend the Gaza Strip. al-Sisi's proposal would have extended the strip to the west bank. he says the proposal would have been a 'great step forward' for the israeli right. al-Sisi's proposal would have extended the strip to the west bank.
370,370,1110,"a scorpion stung a woman on a commercial plane. the woman was checked by medical personnel but declined further treatment. the incident occurred while the plane was on the tarmac. the plane was on the ground in los Cabos, Mexico. the plane was on the ground for approximately one hour. a scorpion was killed by maintenance staff before the plane arrived in Portland."
371,371,1111,"aiden Steward was suspended from Kermit Elementary School in Kermit, texas, over a Thursday incident. while speaking to another boy, 9-year-old Steward said he would able to use the One Ring and turn the fellow student invisible. the one ring, as it is known, features in both tolkien's prequel 'The Hobbit' as well as 'The Lord of the Rings' fantasy books."
372,372,1112,"fisherman saved from savage attack by his phone ringtone. ringtone played the song of the upcoming 'baby' by a song by bieber. he suffered cuts and bruises to his face and chest. wildlife experts believe the ringtone must have scared the bear into halting its assault. 'i couldn't believe my luck when the phone went off and he [the bear] fled,' he said."
373,373,1113,"three sources in contact with ISIS or its associates told BuzzFeed News that it wants to sell the remains of James Foley. they said ISIS wants $1 million for Foley’s body, which it would deliver across the border to Turkey. the group is willing to provide a DNA sample to facilitate a deal. if true, the attempted sale would highlight the ruthlessness behind the hostage-taking enterprise."
374,374,1114,"""Harassing Your Mother"" performs secret makeovers on mothers of habitual catcallers. hidden cameras record catcallers shouting sexual remarks at their own mothers. catcallers furiously upbraid them in the middle of the busy streets of Lima. ""harassing your mother"" is a popular show in the country."
375,375,1117,"the snowy owl, nicknamed the Black Widow, turned down a lover's advances. park keepers had noticed the owl was unhappy and decided to pair her up with a new mate. but two days after arriving from germany, they found the new owl devoured and dead. the owl was pronounced dead at the animal shelter in knyszynska forest."
376,376,1118,"Kei Nishikori has an estimated $46 million in combined earnings. the 25-year-old is the highest-paid tennis player in the world. he has an estimated net worth of $145 million. he owns several restaurants, a football team and a football team. he is also launching his own brand of Vodka and a fashion line called ""kei Nishikori Seduction"""
377,377,1124,"jealous wife reportedly chopped off husband's penis twice to teach him lesson. he was reattached successfully by surgeons in china's central province. when she found the email on her phone, she reportedly sneaked into his hospital room and severed it again. the man ran outside the hospital to confront his wife and to find his severed penis."
378,378,1126,'jihadi John' reportedly wounded in airstrike on an Iraqi town close to the border. he is accused of executing hostages and two americans held by islamist group. the foreign office said it had received reports the terrorist had been wounded. a spokesman said it did not have the resources in Syria to verify the rumours.
379,379,1128,"jasmine tridevil, 21, has spent $20,000 on surgery to get a third breast. she has been filmed telling her parents about the third boob and they are not happy. she said she got it because she wanted to make herself unattractive to men. she is also paying for a film crew to follow her around. she said she is 'dumping every penny' into the surgery."
380,380,1133,"woman and her family kill 25 Taliban fighters in western farah province. woman was apparently acting in retaliation for the murder of her son. husband: ""i pulled aside his dead body and started fighting to defend my soil"" police chief praises family for holding off the Taliban. a spokesman for the family says it is ""proud of the bravery of this family"""
381,381,1135,"claim: ""it's false advertising to call Mrs. Obama the First Lady"" image alleges Romney made a display comment about referring to Michelle Obama as the ""First Woman"" a search of the Laura Ingraham show's guest archives shows the former presidential candidate was not a guest on that date. ""stop the world, the teabaggers want to get off"" has garnered a reputation for attributing fictitious quotes to conservative politicians."
382,382,1138,"Leelah Alcorn, 17, died in the early hours of Sunday on highway I-71 in Warren County, a few miles from her family home. the high school student left a poignant suicide note accusing her devout Christian parents of refusing to acknowledge her gender. she wrote that although she was born a boy, she began identifying as a girl at the age of four."
383,383,1142,"a former child actor says she was raped by cosby after the show wrapped. she says she was also drugged and raped by the father figure. she says she is ready to tell her side of the story. a lawyer says she is tired of the media worshipping and praising a man so terrible. a spokesman for the actor says he is not a ""senior actor"""
384,384,1146,"emir of alms department reportedly flees with almost one million dollars. funds amounting to ""billion Syrian pounds"" collected by his department. rumours claim IS militants have ordered them to stop recruiting Egyptian jihadists. a Zakat tax is imposed on merchants and industrialists in the area under its control."
385,385,1147,apple's iOS 8.2 could launch as soon as Monday. the update will include new and improved health features. the update will also include bug fixes. the company is expected to unveil more details on its apple watch. the apple watch faces an increasingly competitive market. a new version of the operating system is expected to launch on tuesday.
386,386,1150,"a source close to the investigation says a sedated rivers was visible in the selfie. the doctor allegedly performed an unauthorized procedure on the late comedian. a report by CNN says the doctor ""categorically denies"" taking the selfie. a doctor who performed the procedure denies performing the procedure. the comedian died on sept. 4 at age 81."
387,387,1151,"the new gender-segregation rules are reportedly being introduced by Saudia. the discriminatory practice stems from complaints lodged by male fliers. the airline follows a variety of religious practices onboard. the new rules are reportedly aimed at reducing the number of women on its flights. a spokesman for the airline says the new rules are ""a good start"""
388,388,1158,"mojang AB is behind ""Minecraft"" videogame, a person with knowledge of the matter says. the deal would be valued at more than $2 billion and could be signed as early as this week. a Microsoft spokesman declined to comment. the deal would be valued at more than $2 billion. a person with knowledge of the matter says the deal could be signed as early as this week."
389,389,1160,"police in china's eastern province report that a local man's penis was stolen. the 41-year-old was sleeping when thieves burst into his room. police believe the thieves were jealous or slighted lovers of several local women. the thieves have not yet been located, but police are beginning a search for them. a report in the Austrian Times states that police believe the assailants were jealous of several local women."
390,390,1163,Hearing Unconfirmed Reports of Saudi Pipeline Explosion. Unconfirmed Reports of Pipeline Explosion in Saudi Arabia. Unconfirmed Reports of Pipeline Explosion in Saudi Arabia. Unconfirmed Reports of Pipeline Explosion in Saudi Arabia. Unconfirmed Reports of Pipeline Explosion in Saudi Arabia.
391,391,1172,"17-year-old girl attacked 25-year-old man with battery acid. girl, known only as 'the girl', was drinking beers with friends. he was drinking with friends at a tavern in cork village, near hazyview. he was drinking beers with friends when she attacked him. he now has to urinate through a tube and has to undergo surgery."
392,392,1181,"TMZ: doctor denies allegations that she took selfie while rivers was under anesthesia. doctor also denies performing unauthorized biopsy that allegedly caused cardiac arrest. TMZ says it ""pressed to find out if she performed some other procedure"" but did not receive an answer. 81-year-old went into cardiac arrest after undergoing surgery, tv station reports."
393,393,1186,"rumors began to spread on social media that a female fighter may have been beheaded. a graphic image of a beheaded female fighter was shared on pro-is social media accounts. a photo of a female fighter holding the head of a decapitated woman has been circulating. a u.s. citizen who was killed in a u.s. airstrike in iraq has been dubbed the ""poster child"" for female fighters."
394,394,1188,"the Chinese group will make an offer of $15 per share to the BlackBerry as early as this week, with the deal finally getting done at around $18 per share. a BlackBerry spokesperson told Benzinga that the company would not respond to rumors or speculations. a BlackBerry spokesperson told Benzinga that the company would not respond to rumors or speculations."
395,395,1189,"Microsoft is apparently ""in serious discussions"" to purchase mojang, according to WSJ. the company is best-known for its massively popular Minecraft series. if true, it would give the company complete control over the studio's upcoming games. as of June, the game has sold over 54 million copies. a valuation of mojang could be more than $2 billion."
396,396,1191,a u.k. newspaper ran pictures of what other countries feed their schoolchildren. john sutter: what Michelle Obama has done to our children's food is a national disgrace. he says the comparison is striking and humiliating for the united states. sutter: what she has done to our children's food is a national disgrace.
397,397,1193,"Saudia Airlines does not have plans to separate passengers based on gender, source says. ""there are solutions to this problem,"" an airline source says. the source says his quote was taken out of context. the world economic forum ranked Saudi Arabia 127th out of 136 countries for women's rights. in 2011, women were allowed to vote in the country's 2015 elections."
398,398,1194,apple watch is expected to be shipped in march. the device will feature an iOS-based user interface. it will be the first wearable device to take advantage of reversible USB connector. the battery will last less than three hours of 'active use'. the 12in MacBook Air could make its international debut in the first quarter. it is expected to be the first product to take advantage of new reversible USB connector for charging.
399,399,1199,"a student wore his replica ring to school and threatened to make another boy disappear. the boy has been suspended from his school, citing privacy concerns. the boy has been in trouble before, his father says. he has been suspended twice for referring to another child's skin colour. the school wouldn't comment on the suspension, citing privacy concerns."
400,400,1200,Microsoft will buy Mojang AB.. mojang a.b. will be a subsidiary of mjang.com. mojang a.b. will be a subsidiary of mjang.com. mojang a.b. will be a subsidiary of mjang.com. mojang a.b. will be a subsidiary of mjang.com.
401,401,1203,Tesla is reportedly planning to build its first battery factory in Nevada. the battery factory is expected to be built in a few months. the battery factory is expected to be built in a few months. the battery factory is expected to be built in a few months. the battery factory is expected to be built in a few months. the battery factory is expected to be built in a few months.
402,402,1204,note between office colleagues posted on fridge door of kitchen in new zealand. frustrated office worker asks colleague to stop pinching their lunch from fridge. thief demands $10 for sandwich or they'll 'never see it undigested again' thief threatens to bring HR in to discuss'sandwich thief's' case.
403,403,1207,the u.n. says the Islamic State is harvesting organs of its victims to finance its terrorist army. the western world is treating the report as if it did not know months ago. the organs come from fallen fighters who were quickly transported to the hospital. the u.s. has not yet released a report on the organ harvesting.
404,404,1209,kids as young as nine-years-old are getting onto all fours and biting other children. the winners of the fights are rewarded just like a real dog by allowing them to have sex with other children. the sport has shocked the country after it was revealed in local media to become a regular happening in the district of Ekurhuleni in the city of Johannesburg.
405,405,1211,"the man was boarding an american airlines flight from laguardia airport on tuesday. he said he would rather not say'merry christmas' when asked what he would prefer, he replied, 'don't say, 'Merry Christmas!' he then encountered another flight attendant who wished him a 'Merry Christmas' at which point his rage required removal from the aircraft."
406,406,1216,"the usually spotlight-loving head of state has disappeared. he didn't even show up to the reopening of north Korea's Supreme People's Assembly. he may be eating too much cheese, which is a sinister culprit. he may be hiding because he's made himself ill by eating too much cheese. he's been hiding from the media for several weeks."
407,407,1218,"video of a clash between two bullies with their mothers numbers more than three million views on Youtube. sports brand Everlast and the organization stop street harassment recorded a mockumentary. the video has been shared more than 100,000 times, making it the most successful viral country. in the official pages of Everlast has been shared more than 100,000 times. a video of the incident has been viewed more than a million times on facebook."
408,408,1220,"the massive layoffs would be the largest in the company’s history, topping 60,000 jobs it cut in 1993. the report suggests that Project Chrome has been in the works since before christmas. it is likely being rolled out now in response to IBM's announcement last week of its 11th straight quarter of falling revenue. revenue fell 12% in the fourth quarter, shrinking across every reported unit and every geography."
409,409,1228,ambassador to the united nations says ISIS is forcing doctors to harvest organs from dead. he says the organs are then sold to fund its operations. a dozen doctors have been killed in Mosul because they wouldn't take part in organ trafficking. the u.n. says the Islamic State is incredibly money-hungry. a spokesman for the u.n. says it's investigating the alleged mass graves.
410,410,1229,analyst: 73 million iPhones shipped over 2014 holiday quarter. rumored 12-inch MacBook Air expected to ship by early next year. rumored ipad mini expected to launch in january. ipad mini expected to launch in november. ipad mini expected to launch in november. ipad mini expected to launch in november.
411,411,1230,"engraving option may not be available for the watch. engraving is a way to personalize the watch. the company is already preparing a demonstration area. the watch is a small, slim device. the engraving option is available on the watch's underside. a source claims to be tied to apple. a monday press event is expected to be held."
412,412,1232,"apple is installing safes in its retail stores ahead of the launch of its watch. the gold model will cost $5,000 (£3,320) and will come in three flavours. the price of the watch sport will be $349 in the us. the watch is expected to be available in two sizes (38mm and 42mm). it will be available in two sizes (38mm and 42mm) and a variety of straps including stainless steel, leather and ""durable high-performance fluoroelastomer"""
413,413,1235,"Tesla Motors has decided to build its ""gigafactory"" in Nevada, sources say. the electric carmaker is still hammering out the specifics of a contract. the deal is a ""go,"" one source from the Nevada governor's office as saying. Tesla had previously announced a partnership with japanese electronics giant Panasonic."
414,414,1236,"most jobs will apparently be lost in the united states as IBM tries to concentrate on cloud services, in what it is referring to as ‘Project Chrome’. some experts are sceptical regarding the reported number of layoffs and IBM has yet to comment. IBM currently holds the record for mass layoffs after sacking 60,000 people in 1993."
415,415,1238,al-Britani has reportedly been killed in Syria. jihadist al-Britani has reportedly been killed in syria. al-Britani is a member of the al-qaeda wing of al-qaeda. he is believed to have been killed in a syrian 'terrorist' group.
416,416,1241,dad and partner discovered invoice in son's school bag last week. 'no show fee' invoice for £15.95 even contains a space for VAT. 'invoice' even contains a space for VAT. 'invoice' even contains a space for VAT. 'invoice' even contains a space for VAT. 'invoice' even contains a space for VAT.
417,417,1243,a source told a benzinga report that the computer maker could make an offer to acquire Canadian telecommunication and wireless equipment company BlackBerry Ltd. (BBRY) this isn’t the first time the $15 billion market cap company has been linked with BlackBerry. BBRY climbed 2.04 percent to $9.49 at the close in new york’s Friday Nas session.
418,418,1244,"a woman who claims to have had plastic surgery to add a third breast is fake, according to TMZ. the woman, who goes by the name Jasmine Tridevil, was reportedly discovered to have faked the surgery. she says she paid $20,000 for the purported surgery. she also says she is currently filming her own reality show that she hopes will land on MTV."
419,419,1246,"primary school teacher came out to his class during a lesson in using the word ""gay"" as an insult. he said he was stunned and asked if anyone had heard the word being used as an insult. a couple of days later, he received a letter from one of his nine-year-old students. he said he still think about you the same way as he used to."
420,420,1248,"bart the cat was hit by a car and buried in a puddle of blood two weeks ago. owner: ""i didn’t know really what to do"" he's had surgery to repair his jaw and remove his eye. he's been treated for a broken jaw, open facial wounds and a ruined eye."
421,421,1250,an Internet video purports to show the beheading of u.s. journalist Steven Sotloff. he had last been seen in Syria in august 2013. he appeared in a video released last month by the Islamic State group. the video threatens him with death unless the u.s. stops airstrikes on the group in Iraq.
422,422,1257,"Xue paan was babysitting her nephew, 3-year-old Qiang Qiang, while her mother went to visit neighbors nearby. the toddler burst into the bathroom and asked paan if he could play games on her smart phone. the 37-year-old woman then allegedly went to the kitchen, grabbed a blunt knife, and severed the screaming child's penis."
423,423,1259,rumours that self-declared Islamic State leader was wounded remain unconfirmed. u.s. airstrikes on a convoy in northern Iraqi city of Mosul believed to have killed 50. a twitter account purported to be run by an IS spokesman appeared to confirm injuries. a senior iraqi military official said he had heard baghdadi had been wounded.
424,424,1264,yair Tawil became the first Jewish godson of a president in argentina’s history. he was adopted under a law passed in the 1920s to counteract a legend about werewolves. the law only applied to the biological children of Catholic families until 2009. yair wrote a letter to the president asking for the designation of godson.
425,425,1265,"cat was buried by its owners after being hit by a car. five days later, neighbors found the cat alive but in terrible condition. the roughly 2-year-old cat will have emergency surgery on monday. he will also have surgery to remove an eye damaged in the crash. he was buried by its owners, who mistook it for dead."
426,426,1270,"some Israeli politicians responded positively to reports al-Sisi offered to expand the Gaza Strip. but some Israeli politicians refuted the reports. a spokesman for al-Sisi says he is not a ""savior of the state"". a spokesman for israeli prime minister vladimir putin said he would not comment."
427,427,1272,"a cat in florida was buried alive by its owner, who thought he was dead after getting hit by a car. but bart proved everyone wrong by climbing from his own grave. the cat was buried alive and five days later, he clawed his way back to life. the humane society of Tampa Bay says it's ""very proud"" of the cat."
428,428,1275,"militants are trying to raise funds by selling mutilated bodies of dead captives. they include freelance journalist and journalist, 40, who was murdered in august. he was brutally murdered by a militant dubbed 'jihadi John' in the months since his death. sources close to the radical sunni Islamist terror group say they want $1 million (£636,000) for his body."
429,429,1276,woman arrested after allegedly chopping off husband's penis after catching cheating. she had sent saucy messages to lover but forgot to log out of his email account. rushed to hospital where his penis was reattached and thrown out of window. feng has been arrested for grevious bodily harm by authorities.
430,430,1279,"rumors circulated on twitter that a pipeline exploded in Saudi Arabia. prices have been sliding for months on concerns that the market is oversupplied. a spokesperson for Saudi Aramco, the country's oil company, says it has seen the rumors but isn't able to confirm them. a spokesperson for the company says it has seen the rumors but isn't able to confirm them."
431,431,1282,"cat, bart, was hit by a vehicle and left for dead in the road. man says he even knows the exact spot where he buried the cat. but somehow, he says, Bart dug its way out of the ground and wound up in his neighbor's front yard days later – alive. he has severe trauma to the head, a broken jaw, a dead eye, and other injuries."
432,432,1284,"apple's new watch will be available in other countries, including Germany, according to 9to5Mac's mark Gurman. it's unclear which markets the watch will be available in. it's possible apple could release the watch in the us before releasing it to international markets. the company has been showing off its watch at boutiques in Paris and in the Paris edition of Vogue."
433,433,1285,"19-year-old from Brighton reportedly among five jihadis killed in airstrikes. his mother said: ""i've always been angry inside. i couldn't believe it"" he was known as Khalil al-Britani and fighting for al Nusra. he is believed to have been one of five men killed in a drone strike on aleppo."
434,434,1286,"jasmine tridevil, 21, says she had the surgery 'a few months ago' she says she had to contact 50 doctors before she found one willing to perform the surgery. she has hired a camera crew to follow her around and hopes to pitch her show to mtv. the massage therapist has a upcoming appearance on the Jimmy Kimmel show and the Inside Edition."
435,435,1287,"the 90-day marriage license expired last week. the inmate's fiancé wanted to display his dead corpse in public after his death. ""he feels he will never die,"" the inmate's author says. he will next be eligible in 2027, when he will be 92 years old. he was convicted in 1971 of killing seven people, including a pregnant wife."
436,436,1290,"rumors are resurfacing that Lenovo is eying to buy BlackBerry out of its woes. a source says Lenovo is making an offer to buy BlackBerry sometime this week. if any of this is true, Lenovo would be what others would call it spreading itself thin. a big question is whether BlackBerry is willing to sell. a chinese company is reportedly planning to buy a chinese company."
437,437,1297,"the woman was struck on the hand on Alaska Airlines Flight 567 to Portland, Oregon. she refused an offer of additional medical treatment but did not return to the plane. cabin crew killed the arachnid and checked the overhead compartments for any other creatures. a reporter for the Oregonian newspaper, Tyson Alger, tweeted that a man flicked the scorpion off his shoulder, after which the creature landed on the woman’s hand."
438,438,1300,"aiden Steward, 9, told another classmate he could make him vanish using a ring from the fictional mount Doom from J.R.R. Tolkien’s Middle-earth legendarium. the principal said threats, real or imagined, to another child’s safety would not be tolerated. ""i assure you my son lacks the magical powers necessary to threaten his friend’s existence,"" he said."
439,439,1304,residents turned vigilante after spate of kinky thefts in a block of flats. alleged bra bandit allegedly targeted woman's smalls left out to dry. he was forced to walk around block with bras and undies hanging from his neck. now faces three years jail for breaking and entry and theft. he is a'serial thief' who allegedly targeted windows where women lived.
440,440,1309,"the video shows a man beheaded by an Islamic State militant. the masked man threatens to strike the necks of the people if airstrikes continue. the u.s. government says the video is authentic. the u.s. secretary of state calls the killing ""unfathomable"" and ""an act of medieval savagery"""
441,441,1310,a tweet by Lisa bonet was reported as the latest to speak out about cosby's alleged sex crimes. the tweet was supposedly about her stance on the matter. the tweet was not verified by a HollywoodLife website. a rep for Bonet tells a gossip cop that she has had her account suspended.
442,442,1316,a 17-year-old woman allegedly damaged her 25-year-old boyfriend's penis. the woman is said to have poured acid onto her boyfriend's penis. the woman is unnamed because she is underage. the man is sticking with the story that he never planned to release the video. he is sticking with the story that he has no idea how it ended up on the internet.
443,443,1322,"apple is tweaking its retail operations to incorporate an entirely new type of product. the more expensive models, particularly the gold Apple Watch Edition, are expected to cost a couple of thousand dollars. the more expensive models, particularly the gold Apple Watch Edition, will be stored in special safes at Apple retail stores. the safes will be equipped with chargers so that demo units from the show floor are good to go the next day."
444,444,1324,"masked terrorist injured in bombing raid on Iraqi-syrian border, mail online reports. masked killer among group of high-level ISIS leaders meeting in bunker. he is suspected of beheadings of western prisoners, including journalists. he is said to have narrowly escaped with his life. he is said to have been wounded by air strike on the border."
445,445,1326,"a bogus article on satire site Hip Hop hangover speculates on cosby's sketchy past. Raven Symone didn't file any ""molestation charges"" against anyone. cosby has been accused by several women of sexual assault over a few decades. whoopi goldberg expressed skepticism about the allegations against cosby."
446,446,1328,"""24 Emirati"" says the statement was fabricated. it was found after a simple search through a search engine ""Google"" that first published by ""the nation"" the family denounced a number of members of the statement. the statement was said to be issued by the ""sons of the family of al-Mansuri"" in the united arab emirates."
447,447,1332,"the passenger was waiting to board American Airlines flight 1140 to Dallas when a gate agent began greeting everyone with the Yuletide greeting. the agent replied, ""Well, what should I say then?"" ""Don't say, ‘Merry Christmas!''the man raged before lecturing the attendants and the pilot about their faux pas. he refused to be calmed down and continued hectoring the crew."
448,448,1345,Argentinian folklore says the seventh son of a family turns into a werewolf. the creature only shows its true nature on the first Friday after the boy's 13th birthday. fear of the lobison was so rife in 19th century Argentina that some families abandoned or even murdered baby boys. fear of the lobison was so rife that some families abandoned or even murdered baby boys.
449,449,1348,"boy's father says he accepted invitation, forgetting about prior family commitment. when he realized the mistake, he didn't have contact information for the woman. when he returned to school, he was handed an envelope by a teacher. envelope contained a bill for a $24 ""child's party no-show fee"" the woman has since threatened to take the case to small claims court."
450,450,1350,hoax website reports that world's oldest tree has been chopped down by loggers. a researcher testifies that the reserve is being exploited by energy corporations. the story has sparked panic among conservationists. the world news daily report claims workers were logging in the matsés Indigenous Reserve on the Peruvian and Brazilian border when they felled the ancient tree.
451,451,1353,rumours circulate that n.k. leader's weakness for cheese is to blame for gout. gout is more common in men and attacks last between five and 15 days. if left untreated it can lead to kidney stones and cardiovascular disease. n.k. state media would not confirm the reports. if left untreated it can lead to cardiovascular disease.
452,452,1354,a new 4-inch phone is rumored to check in next year. the rumor is based on a source not familiar with the rumor. the new iPhone could even be an iPod refresh. the rumor is based on a rumor that the iphone 5C is near its end of cycle. a new 4-inch phone is rumored to be coming next year.
453,453,1366,"a story of dick butchery is making its way around the internet. fan Lung, 32, was reportedly caught cheating with a younger woman. his wife, Feng, lopped off his dick with scissors, but doctors were able to reattach it. the story hasn't been entirely debunked, but it's dubious at best."
454,454,1367,police were responding to reports of gunshots in the area on tuesday. officer fired non-lethal ‘bean bag’ round at the car they were driving. officer feared for his safety and he feared for his safety. but pregnant woman claims he had no need to use a weapon. she has lost sight in her left eye and has blurry vision in the other.
455,455,1373,claims al-Sisi has offered abbas a Sinai extension plan. al-Sisi has denied the claims. al-Sisi has denied the claims. the claims are based on reports on israeli media.. a spokesman for al-Sisi denies the claims.. a spokesman for al-Sisi denies the claims.
456,456,1378,"president obama says the threat of the group was ""underestimated"" the march into the largest city in the country comes on the heels of the president's admission. some experts fear that a takeover by the Islamic State in Baghdad could prove ""disastrous"" for the united states. the u.s. military advisers say the group now numbers about 2,000."
457,457,1381,"the NHL is preparing to add four teams by 2017. the number of NHL teams would increase to 34, including nine Canadian clubs. the league has routinely denied any plans for expansion in recent years. the last expansion was in 2000 with the addition of the Columbus Blue Jackets and Minnesota Wild. a report in the Vancouver province said an expansion team in Sin City was a ""done deal"""
458,458,1386,al-Sisi denies claims he promised a extension of the Gaza Strip. he has denied claims he promised a prolongation of the strip from Sinai. he has also denied claims he promised a 'detour' to the syrian border. he has also denied claims he promised a 'detour' to the syrian border.
459,459,1387,"move could be announced on Monday. would be monumental reshaping of one of technology's most important pioneers. still has more than 300,000 employees and is on track to book $112bn (£70bn) in revenue this fiscal year. but has struggled to adapt to the new era of mobile and online computing. Founded by bill and Dave Packard in a garage in palo alto, california in 1939, HP was one of the companies that "
460,460,1389,"a sickly stray cat that was taken in by a family in canada is set to undergo gender reassignment surgery. Mittens was adopted by Colleen Clarke-Murphy and her family and will undergo surgery to re-assign her to a male cat. the cat is a hermaphrodite with both genitalia, and while she wanted a girl, she decided to go for a boy."
461,461,1390,"path is a struggling social network known for its beautiful interface and nebulous business model. it's the tech giant's latest attempt to gain a foothold in social. path was founded in 2010 by ex-Facebooker Dave Morin and Napster co-founder Shawn Fanning. the company released its app first on iPhone, later following up with apps for Android, Windows Phone and iPad."
462,462,1391,"the video purportedly shows the beheading of a journalist. the news broke moments before the daily white house press briefing began. the white house says it is ""not in a position to confirm the authenticity of the video or the reports"" a u.s. journalist has been missing since august 2013. he has reported for time magazine and foreign policy."
463,463,1394,rumors say the iphone 6s will have a dual-lens camera with optical zoom. storage options may also change. a 3D pressure sensor may be built into the touch panel. a patent for a touchscreen technology is also being discussed. the rumors are expected to come to fruition in 2015. a new version of the apple watch is expected in 2015.
464,464,1396,fishing man Igor Vorozhbitsyn was attacked by a brown bear in northern Russia. his ringtone went off as the bear began to claw at him and he was mauled. wildlife experts believe the ringtone must have startled the bear into stopping it. he suffered cuts and severe bruises to his face and chest and was rescued.
465,465,1399,"woman treated for sting on arm on flight from los angeles to Portland, ore., reports say. airline says woman was treated for sting on arm. woman was carrying Oregon state basketball team. scorpion killed by attendant, airline says. spokesman says woman declined additional treatment. spokesman says woman was treated for sting on arm."
466,466,1402,"helric Fredou, the commissioner in charge of the Charlie Hebdo investigation, committed suicide on tuesday night. the reasons behind the suicide are as yet unknown. he was single and had no children. in November 2013, the Commissioner Fredou discovered the lifeless body of his colleague, number 3 of SRPJ Limoges, who had also committed suicide."
467,467,1409,"the tech giant is suffering as companies shut down their internal data centres and move services to the cloud. the notices could go out as soon as next week. the bulk of the layoffs will be in the u.s., and affect mainframe and storage divisions. the company recently announced the new Z13 mainframe, but that is unlikely to protect jobs in the mainframe division."
468,468,1411,"reports say islamic state leader is believed dead, or merely wounded, or unscathed. a spokesman for the group says he wishes him a speedy recovery. a spokesman for the group says he is unsure if he was injured in the attack. a spokesman for the group says he is unsure if he was injured."
469,469,1414,"analyst says delays stem from new display technology. the 12.9-inch iPad will launch in the second quarter of 2015. the delay is attributed to a ""time crunch on component production and assembly"" the tablet will use newer LCD technologies for faster response times. a rumored launch date is set for the second quarter of 2015. a rumored launch date is set for november 2015."
470,470,1418,"prince Zakat Chamber organization managed to escape after collecting zakat of capital. center: ""the amount stolen by prince estimated billion Syrian pounds"" prince Zakat Chamber organization: ""it is not the first time that escapes the leading figures of the organization"". escaped from lawful period for the organization in the city, as well as one of the judges of the organization of Saudi citizenship"""
471,471,1421,"Argentinian president has adopted a seventh son to stop him turning into a werewolf. yair Tawil is the first Jewish boy to be adopted, as the tradition only applied to catholic children until 2009. fear of the lobison was so rife in 19th Century Argentina that some families abandoned or even murdered baby boys."
472,472,1428,"a cryptic tweet posted on an unverified Twitter account in Lisa Bonet's name was a hoax, according to the actress' manager. ""i can assure you that is not her Twitter account and I have had the account suspended,"" talent manager Jillian Neal told the wra. more than a dozen women, including former model Janice Dickinson, have come forward to accuse the 77-year-old of sexual misconduct and in some cases rape."
473,473,1431,"the comedian's doctor took a selfie while she was under anesthesia, a source said. the doctor then biopsied her without her consent, the source said. the yorkville clinic is claiming that the biopsy did not cause her death and that their doctors were certified. the fact the biopsy happened at all is enough to cast doubt on those claims."
474,474,1432,"Jugal Kishore, 25, and 23-year-old bride Indira were about to perform the traditional 'varmala' ceremony during their Hindu wedding. he suddenly fell ill as he extended his arms to exchange garlands with his bride. but Indira, angry that her family had not been told of his epilepsy, decided to marry one of her wedding guests instead...Harpal Singh, her sister's brother-in-law."
475,475,1440,"manson's fiancée, 27-year-old Afton Elaine Burton, wanted to wed him so she could gain possession of his corpse. the couple planned to lay out his remains in a glass crypt. the couple's marriage license expired Thursday. the 80-year-old madman feels he will never die."
476,476,1441,"the show takes the mothers of men with a history of street harassment and gives them makeovers. they walk past their awful sons, and are of course catcalled. they respond by giving them hell. 'whistling at your mom' is a great way to raise awareness of this issue. but it's a shame that it's not getting mainstream attention."
477,477,1443,"the NHL is considering expanding by as many as four teams, according to reports. the league will add four franchises ""by 2017"" in Toronto, Quebec City, Las Vegas and Seattle. NHL deputy commissioner bill daly denies the league is looking to expand. the league hasn't expanded since the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Minnesota Wild joined. a new arena in Seattle is proposed, but the NHL hasn't expanded since 2000-01."
478,478,1444,"a scorpion stung a passenger on an Alaska Airlines flight to Portland, Oregon. the woman declined medical treatment, the airline said. the flight originated in los Cabos, Mexico, where scorpions are known to live. only about 30 of about 1,500 species of scorpions can cause potentially fatal stings. a scorpion sting is harmless, the mayo clinic says."
479,479,1445,"the airline will order its staff to keep men and women separated onboard, unless they are close relatives. the rules are already in accord with the strict Islam practices of the kingdom. international flights usually have a specially designated men’s prayer area to accommodate 5 daily prayers. women typically require male guardian approval to travel or work outside of the home. in an incident in September, an Israeli airline was postponed by 11-hours after a group of ultra-orthodox Jews refused to share their transit time with female"
480,480,1448,"the foreign intelligence service is reporting that president Putin’s order to begin deploying tactical nuclear weapons throughout the Crimean Federal District is “intensely/directly related” to a “missing” atomic cannon shell. the weapon missing from Fort Carson, Colorado, has been identified as a W48 nuclear artillery shell. the shell is believed to have been stolen from its storage bunker in Fort Carson, which is a United States Army installation located near the city of Colorado Springs."
481,481,1449,"sources say the Islamic State is looking for the money in exchange for Foley’s remains. the unidentified sources, described by BuzzFeed as middlemen with ties to the terror group, said the Islamic State is looking for the money in exchange for Foley’s remains. a senior u.s. diplomat added that the idea, if true, is “disgusting”"
482,482,1450,the split is part of a radical restructuring plan. current chief executive will head the new spin-off. she will also be chairman of HP's printing and PC business. the split is expected to be complete by the end of the 2015 financial year. tens of thousands of job cuts have been made in recent years. a separate online auction site has also announced it is splitting off its payments system.
483,483,1451,a bear attacked a fisherman in russia and his ringtone sent the beast fleeing. the story was published in the russian language publication prvda back on July 31. a new story about the bear attack was published in the u.s. on tuesday. it was a viral hit and has been covered by several outlets.
484,484,1452,"woman was stung on flight from los angeles to Portland. she refused additional medical treatment, but didn't get back on the plane. flight originated in los Cabos, Mexico, where scorpions are common. members of Oregon State basketball team were on flight. spokesman: flight returned to gate, woman was checked by medics."
485,485,1454,"jasmine tridevil, 21, allegedly paid $20,000 to have a third breast and fake nipple implanted. she's a licensed massage therapist and saved for two years for the $20,000 implant. she's now a television personality and wants to earn an MTV reality show. she's also a tv personality and has a tv show."
486,486,1456,"parents of five-year-old boy found invoice for £15.95 in his backpack. mother defends invoice as necessary to recoup costs associated with absence. 'this is not the first time Alex has not turned up to a party that he has been invited to, either'. 'the amicable way round this is to just be a little more amicable,' says mother."
487,487,1460,"a myth says the seventh son will turn into the feared el lobison on the first Friday after 13th birthday. the fear of el lobison's curse was so strong in argentina that families abandoned – or murdered – their seventh son in 1907. this year, Kirchner adopted the first Jewish seventh son, Yair Tawil."
488,488,1464,'news' article circulated via social media that confirms that Michael Jackson is the biological father of american singer Bruno Mars. 'news' article claims that the publicist of the pop and R&b singer leaked private information that revealed that Michael Jackson is Mars’ biological father. but the claims in the story are untrue. no such private information was leaked and there are no credible reports that support the claims.
489,489,1469,"the company plans to announce the move as early as Monday, the paper says. the division would be made through a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders next year. a company spokeswoman declined to comment on the report. HP and some of its investors have long considered such a move. a company spokeswoman declined to comment."
490,490,1470,NHL commissioner says he has no plans to expand to other cities. he says the league has no plans to expand to other cities. he says the league has no plans to expand to other cities. he says he has no plans to expand to other cities. he says he has no plans to expand to other cities.. he says he has no plans to expand to other cities.
491,491,1475,"the video titled “A second message to America,’’ shows the beheading of american journalist Steven Sotloff. he says he is “paying the price’’ for US intervention in Syria. the video follows news footage of president Obama taking tough about the terror group. the video is titled 'A second message to America,'' and is titled 'A second message to America'"
492,492,1479,a teenager poured acid on her boyfriend's penis after he released a sex tape. he had filmed himself having sex with his 17-year-old girlfriend without her knowledge. the video later found its way onto social media. he has been told his penis will never work again and he has to urinate through a tube.
493,493,1482,"Iga Jasica, of Poland, had cancerous growth removed from her brain. mid-surgery, anaesthetic wore off and she asked docs how surgery was going. jasica didn't feel anything and was never in danger, neurosurgeon said. doctors are also looking into whether the anaesthesia was administered correctly."
494,494,1484,"the NHL is listening to expressions of interest amid swirling rumours about expansion. there is no formal expansion process ongoing. any expansion from 30 teams would require approval from the board of governors. the NHL is planning to expand to four markets — Quebec City, Seattle and Las Vegas and Toronto. the expansion is expected to take place by the 2017 centennial season."
495,495,1486,"techCrunch reports that apple plans to shutter the streaming service. it may modify it over time, and one of those changes could involve changing the Beats music brand. the company has a lot of recognition, so it wouldn’t seem bizarre. if it were to do so, it would have been a lot more difficult to get customers. a new ios app could be released in the near future."
496,496,1490,"jasmine tridevil claims to have had plastic surgery that gave her a third boob. a plastic surgeon says he is skeptical about her story. the doctor says the photos of the third breast are ""easy to alter"" the third breast would require placement of a tissue expander beneath the skin. the photo is not clear and the photos could have been altered."
497,497,1493,"transgender teenager leaves heartbreaking note saying she cannot see herself being happy. ""when I was 14, I learned what transgender meant and cried of happiness,"" she writes. ""there’s no winning. there’s no way out,"" she writes. ""i’m never going to be happy with the way I look or sound,"" she writes. teen's mother has posted a tribute to her child on facebook."
498,498,1495,the video shows the beheading of american journalist Steven Sotloff. the militant in the video speaks to president Obama. he warns that his fate depends on what president obama does next in Iraq. the video threatens the life of british captive david haines. a u.s. citizen has been arrested in connection with the killing.
499,499,1497,"a woman who went by the name Rehana was seen as an image of hope in the city of Kobane. two days ago, ISIS militants claimed to have captured her and killed her. friends of Rehana have come forward to put an end to the rumors. ""she is my friend and I confirm that she is alive,"" an anonymous source says."
500,500,1499,"the second execution of an american journalist in the past two weeks. sotloff's life was threatened in the same video released in august in which freelance journalist James Foley was behaded by an IS militant. sotloff's mother, Shirley Sotloff, made a video plea last week asking IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to spare her son's life."
501,501,1504,"a woman is blind in her left eye after her boyfriend stopped at a gas station. she says multiple police officers blocked her from the side, front and back. ""i'm very upset, very disappointed with tactics,"" her father says. police say they have issued a warrant for the arrest of de'Angelas Lee. he is due to be sentenced on a $50,000 bond."
502,502,1505,"three soldiers went missing during a training exercise at a Cape Cod military base. they were found at Niagara Falls, N.Y., authorities say. the three were found trying to cross the border into canada. the military does not believe the soldiers pose a threat to the public. the soldiers were identified as Maj. Jan Mohammad Arash, Capt. Mohammad Nasir Askarzada and Capt. Noorullah Aminyar."
503,503,1510,"Xue paan, 37, attacked her nephew as she was supposed to be looking after him. she was on the loo sending text messages to her boyfriend when he walked in. toddler asked if he could play a game on her mobile phone. she reacted by getting a kitchen knife and slicing off his penis."
504,504,1511,the collective had threatened attacks on theaters if the movie was not pulled. the FBI has determined that North Korea was behind the hack. the interview was pulled on january 8. the u.s. government has not yet confirmed a link to the hack. the u.s. government has not yet confirmed a link to the hack.
505,505,1512,"a conservative-fantasy blogosphere rumor has been circulating about the u.s. embassy in benghazi. the embassy was shut down by the u.s. state department, but the embassy was shut down. the rumor was based on a rumor that the embassy had taken away the marines' ammunition. the embassy is now a target of a u.s.-based terrorism group."
506,506,1514,protests have bled into the work week and riot police have pulled back. protests were organized in part by the Hong Kong Federation of Students. the university of hong kong law professor has been organizing for months. he says the movement may follow through on the threat in its name and occupy central. he says the protests are a retaliation for the riots in the city.
507,507,1516,"committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice will cover any women’s eyes that are deemed ‘tempting’. one Saudi journalist mused on condition of anonymity that they are “uncovered eyes with a nice shape and makeup.”. to allow a women’s eyes to capture the unfettered glory of the world, one must empathize with her very existence."
508,508,1520,reports emerge of an alliance between Isis and al-Qaeda militants in Syria. the two groups appear to be forming a loose coalition to fight attacks by the us. the united states and its allies are reportedly meeting to co-ordinate attacks. the news comes amid reports of an emerging alliance between Isis and al-Nusra.
509,509,1525,"a staff member at a clinic says the doctor took a selfie while Rivers was under anesthesia. the clinic has denied previous media accounts of the spontaneous biopsy. the comedian's personal doctor has been forced out of his position on the board. the clinic has denied the claims. a biopsy of the vocal cords has never been performed at the clinic, a rep says."
510,510,1526,"woman arrested for chopping off husband's penis after discovering he was having affair. husband and father of five, 32, had used wife's phone to send steamy email to mistress. wife reportedly chopping off penis while he was sleeping in their bedroom. doctors reattached his precious manhood, but woman managed to sneak into hospital and cut it off again."
511,511,1527,"reports say that Apple plans to shut down Beats Music. it seems very unlikely that Apple is going to abandon streaming music altogether. if true, it reads as a clear indication that Apple is going to create its own streaming service. it looks like Apple is readying a new music app just for the new apple watch. a new music app for wearables would be called Beats Music."
512,512,1536,"the split is expected to be completed by the end of the fiscal year 2015. it comes less than a week after eBay's decision to spin-off PayPal into a separate, public company. the split comes as the u.s. government announces it will not be able to restructure its financial services business. the split comes as the u.s. government announces it will not be able to restructure its financial services business."
513,513,1537,"a parody website posted a story earlier this week claiming Raven was telling people cosby had sexually assaulted her. Raven finally responded to the story... saying she was NOT taken advantage of by cosby. ""this is a truly disgusting rumor that I want no part of!"" she wrote on her Instagram account. 'Cosby' co-star... 'keep me out of this'"
514,514,1546,"aerial shot shows crab's entire body including pinchers and legs. believed to be 50 feet long and weighs up to 40 pounds. largest known crab in the world is the Japanese Spider Crab. 'it clearly was a massive crab with crushing claws,' says one viewer. 'it's a funny looking bit of driftwood,' said another."
515,515,1548,"a facebook post by Tikal goldie showed a picture of her sister Lenora hospitalized from rubber bullets fired in Ferguson, Mo on Monday. Apparently her boy friend was arrested and charged with a felony for trying to run a police officer over. he was arrested and charged with a felony for trying to run a police officer over."
516,516,1550,"apple is close to buying social network path, according to reports. the company is reportedly looking to bolster its social media efforts. the acquisition would be more than an acquihire. the company's platform will probably survive the acquisition. it will be incorporated into apple's revamped Messages app. a similar deal was made by facebook in 2012."
517,517,1552,"the company is set to split off its PC and printer division. the division will remain part of the company's enterprise business. the company's printer business is more lucrative than its PC operation. the company's profit margins have slimmed and sales of windows PC continue to decline. back in 2012, HP lost the title of top-selling PC manufacturer to Lenovo."
518,518,1553,"a Florida feline has been dubbed a ""zombie cat"" after clawing his way out of an untimely grave. the cat's owner, Ellis Hutson, found his pet, bart, in the road a couple of weeks ago. he says he couldn't bear to bury the cat himself."
519,519,1557,"a spokesman for the airline says it plans to ""enforce"" gender separation. the move is due to religious and modesty regulations. the airline hopes to arrange for check-in staff to assign separate seating. orthodox male flyers have similar laws calling for the separation of men and women in public. a flight from new york to israel was delayed because some orthodox male flyers refused to sit next to women."
520,520,1558,"apple is reportedly close to purchasing the nearly four-year-old path. insiders say the deal may already be done, too. path struggles to find users, but that’s obviously not why they and Apple are so similar. it will be interesting to see how Apple works Path into their fold. if anything positive can be said of Path, it’s with their design."
521,521,1561,the move follows a spate of complaints from male fliers unwilling to allow other males to sit next to their wives and other female family members. the airline's policies are already in tune to the strict Islamic practices of Saudi Arabia. no alcoholic beverages or pork dishes are served on board. a prayer of verse from the Quran is read before take off.
522,522,1566,"a pregnant woman lost her eye during protests in Ferguson early Tuesday morning. a police officer fired a bean bag round at the car she was in, shattering the glass on the passenger-side window. ""i didn’t have any weapons. I wasn’t looting or anything,"" she said. ""[i’m] blind in my left eye and they took it out because I got shot in my face so I can only see in my right eye"""
523,523,1571,"a new report from CNN provides new details about the heart attack that put her in the hospital days before she died. according to the report, Rivers started to have a heart attack when her doctor started performing a biopsy on her. a source close to the investigation tells CNN the biopsy cut off oxygen to her lungs. there is one other detail CNN has revealed tonight: her doctor took a selfie shortly before the procedure."
524,524,1576,reports of major pipeline explosion in Saudi Arabia. u.s. crude is bidding higher on reports. u.s. crude is under massive pressure of late. u.s. crude is bidding higher on reports.. a major pipeline explosion in saudi Arabia is reported.. a major oil spill in saudi Arabia is reported.
525,525,1578,jihadi al-Britani killed by a US drone strike in Syria. al-Britani was a member of the al-qaeda wing of the islamic state. al-britani was killed in a'syrian air strike' by a drone. jihadi al-Britani has been a prominent figure in the islamic state.
526,526,1581,a woman allegedly attacked her three-year-old nephew using the toilet. Xue paan allegedly mutilated the boy with a blunt knife. the 37-year-old is now in police custody after being tracked down by law enforcement. he is receiving further treatment in a specialist clinic in Beijing. he is now in police custody after being tracked down by law enforcement officers.
527,527,1583,"Iga jasica, 19, went through surgery at central clinical hospital in Katowice. she woke from anaesthesia and was 'no longer panicky or in agony' but calmly inquired after the progress of the operation. hospital insists she suffered no undue pain despite regaining consciousness. an investigation has begun into the incident but the hospital have insisted that the patient suffered no undue pain."
528,528,1587,"source: china's Lenovo could make an offer to acquire BlackBerry this week. the waterloo-based tech titan expressed interest in buying the company last year. the company announced the creation of a new company focused on the internet of things. the new company, slated to launch next year, would operate under a separate name and brand. a source says the company would hope to acquire BlackBerry for approximately $18 a share."
529,529,1591,"beats Music was part of the $3 billion purchase of beats Electronics. it was part of the purchase of beats in august. beats music has struggled to compete against established online players like Spotify, Pandora, Rdio and google music. it had just 111,000 paying subscribers in march, and 250,000 in may. it has not commented on the potential shuttering of the service."
530,530,1593,"""we are aware of reports,"" a foreign office spokeswoman tells Reuters. ""we cannot confirm these reports,"" a spokesman says. ""the incident occurred last weekend,"" the foreign office says. the masked figure appeared in the beheading videos of James Foley and Steven Sotloff. ""we don’t have any representation inside Syria,"" a spokesman says."
531,531,1596,"reports: fighters for ISIS, the Islamic State, are barely a mile from baghdad. the group's fighters have been steadily progressing, and are barely a mile from the city. the head of the al-Nusra front warns that the battle will be brought ""to the hearts of your homes"" the group has already conquered large areas of Lebanon and Iraq."
532,532,1600,"9,199 shares 190 View comments.'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline':'mailOnline': '"
533,533,1601,"Iga jasica, 19, was receiving treatment at central clinical hospital in Katowice, Poland. she awoke during the surgery after the anesthetic she had been administered wore off. jasica verbally communicated with the doctors, asking them how the surgery was going. doctors are investigating whether or not the anesthetic was improperly administered prior to the operation."
534,534,1604,"a hermaphrodite cat from newfoundland is getting gender assignment surgery. the cat has bowel and urinary troubles. the procedure costs $1,500. the cat's owner says it's worth it. the procedure isn't as uncommon as you might think. a hermaphrodite cat with both male and female parts had surgery to become female."
535,535,1607,"children forced to imitate real dog fights, with bets placed on who would cause most injuries. school in Springs, Ekurhuleni requested help of inspector from national council of SPCAs. teachers discovered children fought each other in dog-fighting role-play. children were doing this reportedly because adults encouraged them during weekends. a spokesperson for the school says it was made aware of the allegations last year."
536,536,1609,"the head of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) is wounded, officials say. the news is broadcast on state-run television. the reports come at a time when the u.s. is preparing to launch an offensive against ISIS. al-Baghdadi has a $10 million bounty on his head. he has positioned himself as perhaps the pre-eminent figure in the global jihadi community."
537,537,1612,"""reza Gul"" found her son dead in front of her eyes in a gun battle with the insurgents. she was wounded and her husband and daughter-in-law were accompanying her. the fighting lasted several hours with 25 insurgents dead and many others wounded. ""we started a kind of family war against the Taliban,"" says the family's daughter-in-law."
538,538,1616,"south Korean woman, 52, was taking a nap when the robot locked on to her hair. she mistook it for dust and called the fire department to rescue her. she was separated from the robot by paramedics and escaped serious injury. many believe the future is a glimpse into a dystopian future. robots have grown in popularity in recent years, with iRobot’s circular Roomba selling well over 10 million units in the 12 years since its debut in 2002."
539,539,1617,"woman who claimed she had third breast proved hoax. 'i'm not a hoax,' says hoax woman. woman's claim proved a hoax. 'i'm not a hoax,' says hoax woman. 'i'm not a hoax,' says hoax woman."
540,540,1618,"jasmine tridevil paid $20,000 (£12,190) for third breast to make herself less attractive to men. she claimed to have beaten a man to hold a sign saying 'i beat women. Honk if I'm a scumbag' top plastic surgeon also cast doubt over the operation after claiming no ‘reasonable’ doctor would perform it."
541,541,1620,"aide killed in air strike near Mosul by u.s. forces. officials have not ruled out that he may have been injured. aide was known to have been in contact with baghdadi. he was killed in convoy hit by the airstrike. 'as time ticks on it may be less likely,' said an intelligence official."
542,542,1621,"female fighter known only as'rehana' became famous after picture of her making peace sign went viral on twitter. she is said to have killed more than 100 jihadists in battle for strategically important town of Kobane, on the turkey-syria border. now IS claims that a photo of a grinning rebel holding a woman’s severed head is evidence that she is dead."
543,543,1624,a photo of a 50-foot-long crab has people asking if it could be real. the picture is reportedly an aerial image taken in the united kingdom. the largest known crab in the world is the Japanese spider crab. they can measure 12 feet across from claw to claw and weigh up to 40 pounds. a man who runs a website devoted to the weird and unusual reportedly thinks the crab is real.
544,544,1626,"wildlife experts believe the ringtone must have startled the bear. the ringtone, Justin Bieber's ""Baby,"" is credited with saving a man's life. the man suffered cuts and bruises to his face and chest. the song could save the country billions in national defense. a ringtone of the song could be used to stop a missile defense system."
545,545,1629,"fisherman says a bear mauling him near his favorite fishing spot jumped on him before his mobile phone went on and began playing the Justin Bieber tune Baby. the victim, who had already suffered severe cuts and bruises, said the bear ran off in fear once the tune began playing. he was found by other fisherman, who used his phone to call for help."
546,546,1632,"a lost luggage report filed earlier this month at Tampa International Airport lists a $5,000 '3 breast prosthesis' inside. the bag was stolen off the american airlines conveyor belt. the 21-year-old is now being exposed as a phony by 10 news. she is going by her real name alisha hessler, and has a website 'jasminetridevil.com'."
547,547,1633,"Leelah alcorn, 17, killed herself by jumping in front of a semi on i-71. she left a suicide note blaming her Christian parents for her death. ""they wanted me to be their prefect little straight Christian boy,"" she wrote. the transgender teen blamed her parents for not allowing her to get the surgery she desired."
548,548,1635,"evil aunt was sending text messages to her boyfriend while on the loo. three-year-old Qiang Qiang burst in and asked to use her mobile. instead of giving him the phone, the fuming aunt went into the kitchen. she picked up a knife and severed the boy's penis. the boy was rushed to hospital where surgeons managed to reattach the member."
549,549,1636,"doctor shot down a CNN report claiming she took a selfie of rivers unconscious. a sedated rivers was clearly visible in the selfie, says doctor. a Vanity Fair scribe has been signed to write a biography of the comedienne. the book is due out early next year. a spokesman for the doctor's office says the story is ""completely false"""
550,550,1639,the Foley family claims it was threatened by the US about ransom payments. the family has filed a lawsuit against the US government. the family has also filed a lawsuit against the u.s. government. the family has been ordered to pay ransoms to the u.s. government. the family has also filed a lawsuit against the u.s.
551,551,1641,"fire broke out at an oil pipeline in Saudi Arabia during repairs. source said that the fire was ""not the work of terrorists"" state oil company Saudi Aramco will issue a statement later. a fire is under control, a security source said. a fire broke out at the pipeline during repairs. a fire is under control. a fire is under control."
552,552,1643,the split would be done as a tax-free distribution of stock to shareholders next year. it would be the second big breakup of a tech powerhouse in a week. current CEO Meg Whitman reorganized the company to combine the PC and printer units. current CEO Leo Apotheker was no. 1 in PCs until last year when it slipped behind Lenovo.
553,553,1650,experts believe weight gain may be deliberate to look more like late grandfather. 31-year-old imports vast quantities of Swiss Emmental - his favourite variety. he has ballooned in recent months and now walks with a limp. he is believed to love the cheese so much he imports vast quantities. experts believe weight gain may be deliberate to look more like late grandfather.
554,554,1653,Igor Vorozhbitsyn was going fishing in the Yakutia republic when the bear began to maul him. but his cell phone started to ring and the pop brat's 'Baby' was installed as a ringtone on his phone. the bear bolted after hearing the pop brat's smash hit blasting out of his cellphone.
555,555,1655,apple's first wearable will hit stores in march. Kuo says the company will release more specifics on battery life. the company is expected to ship 2.8 million units in the first quarter of 2015. Kuo says the company is targeting between 2.5 and 4 hours of active use. he says the company is also targeting 19 hours of mixed standby and active use.
556,556,1662,"three Afghani soldiers who disappeared during a training exercise have been found. they were last seen at the Cape Cod mall in Hyannis on saturday night. the men told Customs agents they were refugees, the source says. the men were among 12 members of the Afghanistan National Army. a u.s. military exercise focused on tactical strategies."
557,557,1663,"Jugal Kishore, 25, was rushed to hospital after suffering an epileptic seizure. returned to the venue to find his 23-year-old bride had already moved on. she announced she would ""happily marry someone else at the wedding"". the controversial decision did not go down well with the groom's family. several guests at the wedding were arrested after a fight broke out."
558,558,1664,"Reza Gul helped kill 25 militants after her son's police outpost was attacked. ""the Taliban attacked our village and my son's outpost at dawn,"" she says. her daughter-in-law says the family was committed to fight until the last bullet. the family went head-to-head with up to 400 militants and eventually drove off the fighters."
559,559,1665,"the US threatened to prosecute James Foley's family over ransom payments. the family of the convicted fugitive was ordered to pay a ransom. the ransom payments were made in exchange for a ransom of $200,000. the ransom payments were made in exchange for a ransom of $200,000. the family was ordered to pay the ransom in full."
560,560,1668,the 35-year-old was among three other women that were part of the attack on ISIS. she graduated in 2008 and said that being a military almost entirely dominated by men was a dream she’s held for years. she led three other UAE F-16 pilots in the first airstrike. it’s said that when the “u.s. tanker pilots called in for air refueling and asked for the UAE mission and when they heard a female voice on the other side they 
561,561,1674,"the doctor who performed a biopsy on Rivers’ vocal cords, right before her death, took a selfie while she was under anesthesia. it's believed that Rivers went into cardiac arrest during the unauthorized biopsy because of a lack of oxygen flow to her lungs. after that Rivers was taken to mt. Sinai hospital where she passed away a week later."
562,562,1675,James Foley's family claims the US threatened to prosecute them. the family claims that the US threatened to prosecute them over ransom payments. the family says that the US threatened to prosecute them. the family says that the US threatened to prosecute them.. a spokesman for the family says the family is not aware of the allegations.
563,563,1676,"the american journalist was shown in last month's video execution of James Foley. the executioner was apparently the same in both videos. last week, the 31-year-old freelancer's mother released a video plea to the group to spare her son. ""as a mother, I ask your justice to be merciful,"" she said. a video released on tuesday."
564,564,1677,Lenovo could be the company lining up to take over BlackBerry. the company tried to buy the struggling manufacturer back in October last year. rumors proclaim the deal will be done as soon as this week. neither company has commented on this rumour. a source familiar with the matter says the company is prepared to offer $15.00 a share. a rumor says the deal will be done as soon as this week.
565,565,1684,"a student wore his replica ring to school and threatened to make another boy disappear. the boy has been suspended from his school, citing privacy concerns. the boy has been in trouble before, his father says. he has been suspended twice for referring to another child's skin colour. the school wouldn't comment on the suspension, citing privacy concerns."
566,566,1685,bob greene: the NHL is rumored to be adding a team to the u.s. by 2017. he says the NHL isn't planning to add a team to the u.s. despite the hype. greene: the NHL isn't planning to add a team to the u.s. if it wants to.
567,567,1687,"video shows gruesome murder of journalist, 31, weeks after beheading of foley. it is believed to show the journalist speak to the camera before he is murdered. the video is thought to show a masked militant who also issued a threat against a hostage. the white house has said it cannot confirm the authenticity of the video."
568,568,1691,the airline has cited complaints from male passengers who don’t like unknown men being seated next to their wives. an El Al Airlines flight in September from new york to Israel was delayed because some men refused to be seated next to women. the airline is supposedly considering seating male and female passengers apart from each other. the airline is reportedly denying their plans to segregate passengers.
569,569,1694,"the news is from 2011, and it seems not even sue. it is a three year old news now circulating as new. it is a bizarre coincidence, as the full text of the article is copied outright, from a post on the site bikyamasr.com. the original source of the news seems to have been an article on the site bikyamasr.com."
570,570,1695,police say they are not releasing a cause of death. hefner was 88. he founded the racy magazine Playboy. he was in excellent physical shape. he was a star on the hollywood walk of fame. he was arrested for selling obscene literature after a nude calendar issue.
571,571,1696,the rumor is not entirely clear and a track record is unknown. the new phone may debut in the second half 2015. it would bring back the ease of one-hand usage that was lost when apple introduced its larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets. the larger handset is holding its own in the phablet market. the larger handset is holding its own in the phablet market.
572,572,1701,"the NHL has no plans to expand, said NHL commissioner Gary Bettman. he said the league has no plans to expand. he said the league has no plans to expand. he said the league has no plans to expand.. a spokesman for the league said he is not planning to expand.. a spokesman for the league said he is not aware of any plans to expand."
573,573,1703,"Iga Jasica, 19, was midway through the procedure to have a cancerous growth removed from her brain. doctors say she woke up because the anesthetic wore off. her brain was exposed, but surgeons say her health was not in jeopardy. while chatting with doctors during the procedure, Jasica reportedly asked how the surgery was going and talked about cats."
574,574,1704,"mojang studio is in talks to buy the studio that made Minecraft. the deal is reported to be worth $2 billion. the studio is not a major shareholder. if the deal is approved, it could be signed as early as this week. cnn has contacted both Microsoft and Mojang for comment. a deal could be signed as early as this week."
575,575,1705,"the three soldiers were located near the Canadian border. they were participating in a peacekeeping training exercise at a base in Cape cod. the soldiers were not required to surrender their passports, so they could still have them. the soldiers are in the country on visas. a u.s. military official says they posed no threat to the public."
576,576,1706,the video was compared to the speech of former Guantanamo bay prisoners and other British residents believed to have joined the Islamic State. sadly that’s probably true. outrage now occurs along party lines and the party that owns the media wouldn’t be outraged by this. indeed. the. party that owns the media wouldn’t be outraged by this.
577,577,1710,"Major Jan Mohammad Arash, Captain Mohammad Nasir Askarzada and Captain Noorullah Aminyar were last seen at the Cape Cod mall in Hyannis, Massachusetts on Saturday. they were not armed and were not considered a threat to the public. the men were not armed and have been taken into custody."
578,578,1712,apple is close to acquiring social network path. the deal would see the company integrate Path's services into its Messages app. path founder Dave Morin was seen in the front row for today's special media event. the social network caused a fair amount of controversy in 2012. a ftc investigation led to a summons to apple's cupertino headquarters.
579,579,1713,"al-Britani, a jihadi, has reportedly been killed in Syria. he is believed to have been killed by a jihadi in a syrian city. al-Britani is a member of the al-britani jihadi group. he is believed to have been killed by a syrian jihadi."
580,580,1714,"a doctored photo of a man holding a sign in front of a police station goes viral. the image was posted to imgur by a man who's owned a sign business for 20 years. ""that's slander to my character,"" says the man behind the faked photo. ""we absolutely, unequivocally did not edit it,"" says the man behind the fake photo."
581,581,1716,"a video of men harassing women on the street in Peru has been viewed more than 5 million times. the video was originally filmed in a prankster's hidden camera. the victims of the catcalling are their own moms in disguise. the original video was viewed more than 5 million times. a reuploaded, translated version of the video hit reddit this week."
582,582,1717,"a 17-year-old transgender girl in ohio has died by what appears to have been suicide. a note on her death blames her parents for not accepting her gender identity. ""i feel like a girl trapped in a boy's body,"" the note says. ""i'm not a girl, but a girl,"" the note says."
583,583,1719,"the unidentified man was waiting to board flight 1140 to Dallas when a gate agent began greeting everyone with the Yuletide greeting while checking boarding passes. he shouted at the woman, ""Don't say, ‘Merry Christmas!' he was escorted off the plane as other fliers burst into cheers and applause."
584,584,1723,"apple is installing custom-made safes in its stores for storing the high-end 18k gold Apple Watches. the safes come with MagSafe chargers inside them to ensure the watches remain charged at all times. the company is also working on special weight scales for measuring the watch. rumours peg the price point at somewhere between $1,200 and $5,000."
585,585,1727,the apple watch will take approximately two hours to fully charge and deliver all-day battery life with normal on-and-off usage. the smartwatch will not ping you for notifications without being in contact with your skin. the goal of the apple Watch is to return some of your attention away from your smartphone by allowing you to communicate from your wrist on the go. the keynote begins on Monday at 10 AM Pacific and MacRumors will be providing live coverage of the event.
586,586,1729,"the parents of slain journalists say the government threatened to prosecute them. ""the family felt completely and utterly helpless,"" a friend of sotloff says. ""we might be prosecuted,"" says Foley's mother, Diane. ""we were just told to trust that he would be freed somehow, miraculously,"" she says."
587,587,1736,"IBM (IBM) shares were higher in early trading on unconfirmed reports. the massive jobs cuts would be the biggest in IBM's history. last year, IBM hired 45,000 people, and the company currently has about 15,000 job openings. analysts expect Microsoft to report record revenue of $26.3 billion dollars. a reorganization plan dubbed ""Project chrome"" is expected to be implemented."
588,588,1741,"jasmine tridevil, 21, had a $20,000 procedure to get a third breast. she had to ask over 50 doctors to perform the surgery. she also got an areola tattooed on. ""i got it because I wanted to make myself unattractive to men,"" she said. she's not entirely sure getting another breast is the fastest route to unattractiveness."
589,589,1748,"female fighter known as'rehana' was celebrated as a symbol of hope for the besieged Syrian border city. image of her making a peace sign was retweeted over 5,000 times. days later a gruesome photograph of an ISIS terrorist holding the severed head of a young woman sparking rumours that she had been murdered. but friends of her have now told MailOnline that the dead woman in the photograph is in fact a different Kurdish resistance fighter"
590,590,1749,custom safes will be outfitted with chargers to keep demo units charged. will be used to carry to-be-sold inventory and to store demo units. also said to be working on ways to allow customers to try on Apple Watches. will weigh the amount of gold in each watch edition. gold material is worth a pretty penny in secondary markets.
591,591,1753,"apple will release a flurry of fashionable accessories starting at $29. features include Apple Pay, adjustable notifications due to personal frequency and preferences. purchase locations to be Apple retail stores and Apple online store only. Hundreds of applications immediately available upon release.. a new version of apple watch is expected to be released in april.. a new version of apple watch will be available in april."
592,592,1754,"the three soldiers had been in the united states for 11 days for training at Camp Edwards on Joint Base Cape Cod. they were last seen at a shopping mall in Hyannis, Massachusetts during a day off. there’s no reason to think the soldiers have nefarious intent, police say. but several unnamed officials suggest the trio may have been trying to seek asylum."
593,593,1755,"the woman, named as Dr. Gwen Korovin, refused to comment when cameras approached her. she has reportedly told friends she never performed a biopsy, as has been claimed. a source has also reportedly told friends she is ""making up lies"". comes after she was spotted rushing past photographers in new york today. she refused to comment when asked about the claims."
594,594,1759,"new law in the country banning 'tempting eyes' has been branded'stupid' by dissenters. spokesman of committee for promotion of virtue said they 'had the right' to force women to cover their face. prince naif, whose impending ascension to the throne many hoped would spell end to this kind of oppression, looks likely to be as intolerant as his father."
595,595,1762,"a pipeline exploded in the saudi desert. a u.s. spokesman says the pipeline is a ""strange and apprehensive"" attack. a u.s. spokesman says the pipeline is a ""strange and apprehensive"" attack. a u.s. spokesman says the pipeline is a ""strange and apprehensive"" attack."
596,596,1763,"HP plans to separate its PC and printer businesses from corporate hardware. the company could announce the move as early as Monday, sources say. the company declined to comment. the company's current executive vice president will step in as CEO. the company declined to comment.. a source says the company could announce the move as early as Monday. a source says the company could announce the breakup as early as monday."
597,597,1765,"five-year-old was missing his friend's birthday party in glasgow. he was handed an invoice for £15.95 for a child's party no show fee. parents contacted the mother of the boy's mother, Julie Lawrence. she threatened small claims court and they contacted the school. a week later, the boy returned to school and was handed the invoice."
598,598,1766,"Tesla is expected to announce that it has selected Nevada for its new ""gigafactory"" the new ""gigafactory"" will be located in a new state. the state is expected to be the first of its kind in the united states. the company is expected to announce that it has selected Nevada for its new ""gigafactory"" in a few weeks."
599,599,1767,"kittie bart was buried in his backyard in his home in tampa. his owners buried him after he was hit by a car. he had severe head trauma, a broken jaw and a dead eye. he was rushed to the vets, where medics said he would likely lose an eye."
600,600,1768,"bride in india married guest after groom fell ill during wedding ritual. bride dubbed him husband after he fell ill and was rushed to hospital. groom tried to convince bride to marry him, but she refused. fight escalated into major fight between two parties. a local police chief says the complaints have been withdrawn. a tiger shooter has been ordered to kill a man in a'man-eating' tiger attack."
601,601,1770,a report in canada's The Province revealed the finalization of an NHL franchise in Las Vegas. the move would entitle Las Vegas to a professional sports franchise in one of the four major sports leagues. a new team in Toronto would mean a second franchise for the city. the NHL commissioner has previously voiced disapproval of such a move out of concern.
602,602,1773,Argentinean president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner became the godmother of a boy. reports say the adoption is connected to an ancient legend where the seventh son becomes a werewolf. historian says the custom is unrelated to werewolves in south america. de Kirchner tweeted a photo of his son yair Tawil from the ceremony.
603,603,1779,the 12-inch Retina MacBook Air is rumored to have a redesigned chassis. sources within apple say the 12-inch MacBook Air will be introduced at the event. the 12-inch MacBook Air is rumored to have a redesigned chassis and a redesigned bezel. the rumored MacBook Air is also rumored to have a redesigned trackpad.
604,604,1782,"the 81-year-old comedian died a week after a routine throat procedure. a staff member claims a second doctor took a selfie with her after the initial procedure. investigators are also probing claims that the clinician who performed the biopsy first snapped a photo of himself with the sedated star. the singer's throat began to swell during the biopsy, depriving her of oxygen."
605,605,1783,"'President al-Sisi' reportedly offered to extend the Gaza Strip. ''The president offered to extend the Gaza Strip,'' a source says. ''The president offered to extend the Gaza Strip,'' a source says. ''The president offered to extend the Gaza Strip,'' a source says."
606,606,1792,"rumors suggest that apple is considering a dual-lens system for the iPhone 6S's camera. the move will allow Apple to include an optical zoom feature on their flagship smartphone. a pressure-sensitive touch system technology will be launched with the release of the apple watch. the camera module of the iphone 6S will likely undergo a redesign. the camera of the iphone 6 Plus has received praise from experts as the ""best smartphone camera ever made"""
607,607,1793,"HP is announcing today that it will separate its PC and printer division from its enterprise and services business. current CEO Meg Whitman will become the chairman of the PC and printer operation. Dion Weisler, an executive at HP’s PC business, will take over as CEO of the split-off enterprise business. the split will mean the company's total planned layoffs will rise to 55,000 from an earlier estimate of 45,000 to 50,000 cuts."
608,608,1798,"apple is trying to increase the battery life of the watch before it launches in early 2015. users who aren’t registered developers with apple are finding ways to download iOS 8 early. rumors claim that the deal between apple and path is practically done. the social media platform is comparable to other social media services, expect that it’s only available on mobile devices. the company isn’t changing the social media platform after the purchase."
609,609,1801,"crude stocks increased by 460,000 barrels in the last week, data shows. analysts had expected a rise of 2.2 million barrels. weak economic data from top energy consumer China intensifies worries about demand. oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic lose more than 2 percent on Tuesday. a bleak outlook for Europe after the european commission downgraded its forecast for euro zone economic growth."
610,610,1809,"a columnist suggests the NHL will expand to Las Vegas, nev. sooner rather than later. the commissioner of the national hockey league has repeatedly said the league is not engaged in an active ""expansion process"" but rumors continue to swirl about the league's future in the u.s. and europe. the league has been steadfast in its insistence that nothing is imminent."
611,611,1810,"canada.com says two McDonald's restaurants still serve the McPizza. inspector: ""this is not the McPizza, the product of the 1990s that people are familiar with"" inspector: ""the mcpizza is not the true McPizza, the product of the 1990s"" he says inspector's investigation is top secret, so strong in its labyrinthine twists qu'ahurissante intrigues."
612,612,1811,"a source says apple is about to acquire path, a social networking app. some in the tech community question their life choices. the deal is business as usual in silicon valley. a spokesman says the deal is a ""really good thing"" for the company. a spokesman says the deal is a ""really good thing"""
613,613,1812,"two planes have been shot down in al-Anbar province, a senior lawmaker says. he says the planes were carrying weapons for the terrorist group. he says the government is receiving daily reports from people and security forces. a senior provincial official says weapons made by the u.s. and other countries have been discovered. he says the u.s. prefers a chaotic situation in anbar province."
614,614,1816,"the cat was hit by a car and left for dead alongside a road in florida. owner says he was certain he was dead. buried alive, bart will have an operation, but will lose one eye. buried alive, bart will have surgery to save his life. buried alive, bart will have a new lease of life."
615,615,1823,"sources say some stores are already seeing safe installations. safes are expected to be used to store the high-end Apple Watch Edition timepieces. the base model wearable in aluminum will have a starting price of $349. the higher end stainless steel and Edition models are still anyone's guess. if apple didn't feel it needed safes before, then the apple Watch Edition is their most expensive product."
616,616,1824,"committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice announces ban. ban on well-manufactured facial features is broad enough to lead to some inquiry. a journalist says ""tempting eyes"" could be defined with stipulations. committee has been awarded more than $53 million to enforce religious dogma. a spokesman says the ban is a violation of human rights and should be supported."
617,617,1830,a website says that allegations are out that bill cosby molested several women. a website called hip hop hangover wrote about the allegations on wet paint. the website is actually a website that likes to spread hoax and make up fake news. the report says that Raven Symone says that she was drugged and raped years ago.
618,618,1838,"the move is expected to be effected as a tax-free distribution of shares to the company’s stockholders next year. it would come amid a wave of breakups and spinoffs at technology companies. last year, the company lost its place as the largest PC maker by shipments. the rest of the company is still undergoing a multiyear restructuring."
619,619,1842,"ambassador says bodies with surgical incisions, missing kidneys found in mass graves. he says a dozen doctors have been ""executed"" in Mosul for refusing to participate in organ harvesting. outgoing envoy to Iraq says 790 people were killed in January alone by terrorism. he says the group's most pressing goal is to win back the vast territory it has seized."
620,620,1845,"apple denies TechCrunch's claims that Beats Music is being shut down. the streaming service is being bought by apple three months after it was picked up. the deal was ""mostly about getting Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre's talent on board,"" says TechCrunch. the company says it may modify the service over time."
621,621,1850,a young man was adopted by a president last week. he is the seventh son of his family. he was supposedly cursed to become a werewolf after his 13th birthday. he was adopted by another family. he is now a gold medal and an education scholarship. a president's adoption is the first of its kind.
622,622,1851,"the ENT wasn't authorized to perform any medical procedures at the clinic, as Rivers never signed a consent form. the biopsy was not authorized, as Rivers never signed a consent form. the ENT snapped a selfie with the comedienne while she was under anesthesia – a major violation of privacy. the clinic confirmed his departure, saying, Dr. Cohen “is not currently performing procedures...nor is he currently serving as medical director.”"
623,623,1856,"a man believed to be a British national was injured in a strike, the mail on Sunday reports. the man, dubbed ""Jihadi John,"" was believed to have been injured in an air attack. the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was also said to have been wounded. a speech purporting to be by Baghdadi was released on friday."
624,624,1861,"reports suggest the ENT took a selfie with the star before she went into cardiac arrest. sources close to the doctor, 56, say reports she took photo are 'lies' statement by her attorneys says she's'respected and admired by peers' comes after a report claimed the doctor 'didn't take a selfie with the star before she went into cardiac arrest'"
625,625,1868,"a pregnant woman was blinded in her left eye after a police officer fired a bean bag round at her car. the officer fired because he feared for his own safety, according to local media. ""i will have justice for what they've done to me,"" she wrote on her facebook page. police have issued a warrant for the arrest of her boyfriend."
626,626,1870,inside sources say apple is shutting down the beats music streaming service. the news comes mere months after Apple’s plans to buy beats were revealed. business insider predicts that the Beats Music streaming service will be absorbed into the larger iTunes ecosystem. a new feature called “the sentence” gives users the opportunity to select music based on their activity or location.
627,627,1872,cnn's alan mccartney says he was at the legco demonstration and the other demonstrations. mccartney: the government warned against the chaos Occupy central would cause. he says the government is supplying the chaos and the protesters are doing it with dignity. mccartney: the government is demonstrating peacefully and with dignity.
628,628,1874,"a mother of two allegedly fought the Taliban militants who had just killed her son. Reza Gul said she screamed in anger and grief when she saw her son shot dead. she said she fought them until dark along with other boys from the police. ""we started a kind of family war against the Taliban,"" she said."
629,629,1878,a man was tossed off a flight at laguardia after he freaked out when workers wished him a Merry Christmas. the man snapped at a gate agent before boarding the plane. he was subsequently removed from the flight. the flight attendants and the pilot were questioned about the man's faux pas.
630,630,1879,"rumors swirled over the weekend that demonstrators in Hong Kong were using the “hands up, don’t shoot” gesture in solidarity with protesters in Ferguson, Missouri. according to a story in Quartz Sunday, the gesture was not a deliberate show of solidarity. protesters aren’t purposefully mimicking “hands up, don’t shoot,”as some have suggested."
631,631,1882,a staff member at the yorkville endoscopy clinic in new york told investigators about the picture-taking. the physician hasn’t been identified. the comedian went into cardiac arrest after a biopsy on her vocal cords. the 81-year-old comedian was under sedation when she took a selfie. a source close to the death investigation said the doctor took a selfie while the comedian was under sedation.
632,632,1886,a video released by the isil shows a masked militant beheading a hostage. there is no confirmation of the video. the hostage disappeared while reporting in Syria in august 2013. he is now being paraded by jihadist terrorists. he is warned he will meet the same fate unless air strikes end in the u.s.
633,633,1887,reports: Saudia will order staff to keep men and women seated separately. passengers complained about lack of segregation on their flights. the airline already complies with many of the religious practices of Islam. the new policy will be implemented from now on. a number of other issues have been addressed. a u.s.-led coalition has been criticized for its stance on homosexuality.
634,634,1892,"apple's new iphone 6 and iWatch devices are expected to launch in the coming months. apple's new CEO is reportedly asking that ""on hold"" music be changed. a reddit user says he sent a bad email about the quality of the music. he says he was on hold for 20 minutes for something so simple."
635,635,1894,senior lawmaker disclosed on Monday that two planes were shot down in al-Anbar province. he said the government in baghdad is receiving daily reports from people and security forces. he said the us prefers a chaotic situation in the province as it does not want the crisis to come to an end. a senior provincial official lashed out at the western countries and their regional allies for supporting Takfiri terrorists in Iraq.
636,636,1902,photo of a giant crab off the coast of the coast of the uk has been spotted. it appears to show a crustacean the length of five or six boats. but marine biologist says it is impossible one of the creatures could grow so big. she says it is'more conceivable' that someone is playing around with the photo.
637,637,1903,"jasmine tridevil had a third breast implanted in her chest. she signed a non-disclosure agreement with the doctor who performed the surgery. she says she fixed that by having it made in a tattoo. she says she hired a camera crew to film her after saving money. ""my dad is still there for me,"" she says."
638,638,1907,"jasmine tridevil reportedly spent $20,000 to have a third breast implanted on her chest. the massage therapist wanted to make herself look unattractive to men. she managed to get the extra breast by tattooing it herself. she says she is not interested in dating anymore. the reality show aspirant wants her own reality show on mtv."
639,639,1910,a new ad in Peru shows how women can be catcalled by street-bros. the ad uses the people most suited for the task. 7 out of 10 women on the streets of Peru are sexually assaulted. the ad is a good way to remind potential catcallers of the grossness of their actions.
640,640,1914,"the student has ties to the regime's uncle, who was executed for treason. he disappeared last month while studying at Ecole nationale superieure d'architecture de Paris-La Villette. diplomatic sources say he has evaded capture as is'somewhere in France'. there are fears he may be forcibly taken back to the secretive nation to be executed."
641,641,1915,"local women in the villages of Attagara and Kawuri disarmed nearly a dozen Boko Haram terrorists. the pseudo-islamic terror groups tried to attack the communities over the weekend. the community rallied round to apprehend the terrorists. at least three of the terrorists managed to flee, but community members say that seven were arrested and executed."
642,642,1919,"rumors of the apple watch coming to more countries than the one we live in are exciting news. the company is reportedly erecting a tent outside the events hall where they'll give us more details on the wearable next week. the last time we heard anything about apple cEO's commentary on the apple watch, it was that he wore it in the shower."
643,643,1924,"jasmine tridevil paid $20,000 for a third breast in hopes of being less attractive to men. she documented her post-surgery life through photos and videos posted to social media sites. she also hopes to have her own show on MTV someday. she contacted more than 50 doctors before she found a surgeon willing to perform the operation."
644,644,1927,"two planes have been shot down in al-Anbar province, a senior lawmaker disclosed. the planes were carrying weapons for the terrorist group, he said. he said the parliament has asked the uk for explanations. a senior provincial official lashed out at the western countries for supporting the terrorists. he said that the anti-iSIL coalition is the main cause of ISIL's survival in Iraq."
645,645,1928,"al-Britani killed in airstrike in Syria, syrian official says. al-Britani reportedly killed in airstrike in june. al-Britani was killed in a US airstrike in june. al-Britani was reportedly killed in a british airstrike in june."
646,646,1930,"emir of alms department reportedly flees with almost one million dollars. funds amounting to ""billion Syrian pounds"" collected by his department. rumours claim IS militants have ordered them to stop recruiting Egyptian jihadists. a Zakat tax is imposed on merchants and industrialists in the area under its control."
647,647,1932,"the executioner was said to have “narrowly escaped death” in an airstrike. he was said to have been injured in the joint airstrikes on an area close to the Syrian border. the black-clad terrorist achieved infamy when he executed hostages. he is thought to be from London’s east end, and part of a murderous team of UK-born militants dubbed the Beatles by captives."
648,648,1935,"'it could be possible that Baghdadi was with him at the time of the attack', says an official. al-Baghdadi was hit during a meeting with militants in the town of Qaim. a senior military official said he learned of al-Baghdadi's death from relatives. a senior iraqi official said he learned of al-Baghdadi's death from relatives."
649,649,1937,a nuclear artillery shell hasn't been in the army inventory for 22 years. a website dedicated to conspiracy theories reported that the weapon was missing. the lockdown of soldiers in a Fort Carson battalion dragged into its fifth day. the army hasn't officially released details on what spurred the lockdown. the pistol turned up missing in an equipment inventory that followed a training exercise.
650,650,1941,"Xue Paan, 37, was babysitting her nephew when he walked in. she grabbed a knife, severed his penis, then fled. the boy fainted on the floor in a pool of blood. he was rushed to a hospital where his penis was reattached. there have since been three successful surgeries and the boy should regain full function."
651,651,1942,"Leelah alcorn, 17, committed suicide on the i-71 highway in ohio. she wrote a suicide note on her blog in advance. she accused her devout Christian parents of blocking her transition. her mother posted a tribute on facebook, but referred to her as ""son"". if you've been affected by the issues in this article, please call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90."
652,652,1944,"female fighter known only as ""Rehana"" beheaded by Islamic State. picture of her making the V-sign became a widely-distributed image online. reports claimed she killed over 100 Islamic State jihadists single-handedly. female fighters are essential to the Kurds. if a woman kills them, the men are denied their virgins."
653,653,1945,frustrated office worker posts sign on fridge. alleged thief asks for ransom money for turkey and Swiss on rye. HR tells alleged thief to give back sandwich. but he didn't get away with it. he was tracked down by police. a thief is now in custody.
654,654,1947,the man was scheduled to fly from new york to Dallas. he lost his cool when a gate agent greeted him while checking boarding passes. the man was greeted with a Merry Christmas by a flight attendant. the man became so flustered he had to be removed from the plane. the other passengers on the flight reportedly cheered.
655,655,1953,HP splits into two listed companies. the company will separate its computer and printer businesses. each of the two businesses contribute about half of HP's current revenue and profit. the move will result in a monumental reshaping of one of technology's most important pioneers. HP is the latest in a line of companies to spin off operations.
656,656,1960,"woman claims she added third breast to her breasts. she provides photos to prove it. woman says she added breasts to her breasts. she says she has no evidence to back up her claim. if she does, she will be able to show her third breast.. she says she has a third breast and is a good mother."
657,657,1961,"the twitter account attributed to Lisa bonet has since been suspended. the 47-year-old actress' purported twitter account was later deactivated. at least 15 women have come forward to accuse the 77-year-old ­comedian of being a sexual predator. for years, bad blood was rumored to exist between Bonet and cosby, who was reportedly incensed by her sex scene with Mickey Rourke in 1987 and a nude magazine photo shoot"
658,658,1962,"women in Saudi Arabia already have to cover their hair and face in public. if they do not, they face punishments including fines and public floggings. committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice (CPVPV) has repeatedly been accused of human rights violations. in 2002 committee refused to allow female students out of burning school in Mecca."
659,659,1963,"the doctor was about to perform an unauthorized biopsy on Rivers' vocal chords. the comedienne died on september 4, 2014. the doctor reportedly snapped the selfie in the procedure room. the doctor was about to perform an unauthorized biopsy on Rivers. a worker at the hospital where Rivers was being treated revealed the news. a worker at the hospital said the comedienne had died."
660,660,1964,sources within Apple have exclusively told the Michael Report that the long-awaited Retina MacBook Air will be unveiled at the same event. the upcoming Retina MacBook Air is said to feature Intel’s next-generation Broadwell Core M low-power processors. the upcoming MacBook Air is said to feature a slim design that combines the productivity of the current larger-screened 13-inch MacBook Air with the portability of the 11-inch MacBook Air.
661,661,1977,"a man believed to be a British national was injured in a strike, the mail on Sunday reports. the man, dubbed ""Jihadi John,"" was believed to have been injured in an air attack. the group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was also said to have been wounded. a speech purporting to be by Baghdadi was released on friday."
662,662,1980,"apple may introduce a handset with dual lenses for its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus follow-up. one well-connected apple pundit calls it the ""biggest camera jump ever"" a startup called Corephotonics proposes a dual-lens module with two distinct focal lengths. the company has no shortage of patents covering smartphone camera technology."
663,663,1986,"the video threatens the life of a British citizen. it comes weeks after ISIS beheaded another american journalist. the white house says it will work to confirm the authenticity of the video. the militants have been holding several more journalists in captivity. a u.s. official says the video is a ""very disturbing and disturbing"" revelation."
664,664,1990,"a video shows men harassing a woman in the street, only to find out that the woman is their own mother in disguise. the video was sponsored by everlast and is called Harassing Your Mother. the video is a prank that is hilarious and a great way to show off your mother. if you're a woman who is a woman, you may be harassed by men who think it's a minor offense."
665,665,1992,"'star' allegedly offered to marry manson after he refused to marry her. she'strung him with the hope of cashing in after he died' 'he wanted to put his body on display in a glass coffin' 'he wanted to bring presents to his cell', says journalist. couple's 90-day marriage license has expired."
666,666,1993,"apple is bringing their own specially-prepared gold to the smartwatch. the company filed a patent application for a ""method and apparatus for forming a gold metal matrix composite"" the patent application also mentions diamond powder. the patent application is expected to be filed in the coming months. a new version of the apple watch is expected to be released in april."
667,667,1994,"the company will make the split through a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders by the end of fiscal 2015. if the division goes off as planned, it would give rise to two publicly traded companies, each with more than $50 billion in annual revenue. a number of big companies, including ebay Inc. EBAY -0.77% in tech, have chosen to break up lately."
668,668,1995,"the plan is known internally as 'project chrome', a US technology blogger wrote. about 26% of IBM's employees will be getting phone calls from their managers. project chrome will hit many of the worldwide services operations. one in four IBMers reading this column will probably start looking for a new job next week. last week, Ginni Rometty, chief executive since 2012, reported quarterly profits below analysts’ forecasts."
669,669,1998,a video of iraqi militants beheading a u.s. soldier has been declared authentic. a u.s. official says the video is a proof of the beheading. a u.s. official says the video is a ruse. a u.s. official says the video is a ruse.
670,670,1999,LG Display will be the sole supplier of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens for the Apple watches that go on sale in April. Samsung Display will also become a supplier for the next version of the smartwatch that is expected to go on sale sometime in the second half of this year or early 2016. apple has scheduled a special event on march 9 where it is expected to showcase Apple Watch.
671,671,2001,al-Britani killed in drone attack in Syria. jihadist killed in attack by americans. al-britani reportedly killed in a 'drone attack' in syria. al-britani is believed to have been killed in a 'drone attack' in syria.
672,672,2004,"Jugal Kishore, 25, had epileptic fit at wedding of his wife-to-be, Indira, 23. bride changed her mind and said she would marry a guest at the same ceremony. bride's sister's brother-in-law, Harpal Singh, fumbled for a moment before declaring he would take Indira as his wife."
673,673,2006,"the luxury edition of the smart watch is expected to cost thousands of pounds. safes will look after watches before they are sold, as well as housing demo watches overnight. they will also be fitted with chargers to keep watches ready for demonstrations the next day. the most high-end of the three versions of the smart watch are made of 18-carat gold."
674,674,2007,"Argentine president Christina Kirchner adopted yair Tawil, 21, as her godson. tradition dictates that the president adopts the seventh son or daughter of family as a godchild. the boy gets a medal and education up to the age of 21. a belief that a family's seventh son turns into a werewolf is not related."
675,675,2008,a respected senior french police officer turned a gun on himself in his office. he was investigating the Charlie Hebdo massacre last week. a colleague found his body at 1am on the day after the attacks. the single and single man was a single father-of-two. he was a respected officer and was a respected member of the police.
676,676,2011,"the firm said the rumors that over 100,000 jobs will be cut is 'totally ludicrous'' it said the company would take a US$600-million charge for restructuring. the company has logged US$25 billion in revenue last year, up 16 percent from 2013. it has logged US$25 billion in revenue last year, up 16 percent from 2013."
677,677,2012,"9-year-old girl writes moving letter to her teacher who came out as gay. letter says: ""even though you're gay, i will always treat you the same way as I do now"" teacher, who is being referred to as ""mr. R"", decided to reveal his true identity. he said: ""reading it brought tears to my eyes and it took me a little while to compose myself"""
678,678,2019,"flight 567 to Portland, ore., was taxiing to runway for 7:50 p.m. departure. woman brushed scorpion off of her before stepping on it, airline spokeswoman says. airline spokesman: plane returned to gate before takeoff; woman declined medical treatment. 139 passengers on flight from los angeles to orlando, ore., were on board."
679,679,2021,"claim made by staff member at yorkville endoscopy clinic in Manhattan. 81-year-old went into cardiac arrest on the operating table and died a week later. second doctor reportedly performed unauthorised biopsy on her vocal chords. clinic says ""a biopsy of the vocal cords"" has ever been performed on site. clinic says it is not referring to Rivers' case."
680,680,2023,"picture shows'super crab' at least 50ft-wide lurking in shallow water. but others claim it is nothing more than an oddly-shaped sandbank. the world's largest recorded crab is the japanese spider crab. 'it's a huge crab with crushing claws', says one man. 'it's a big crab with claws that can grow to around 12ft and weigh up to three stone'"
681,681,2026,"jasmine tridevil, a massage therapist, had three breasts. she had to call 50-60 doctors in order to get the controversial operation. the average bra size is a 34 DD. boob jobs have won her fans and modelling work. a glamour model, who's had three surgeries to go up 18 cups sizes, wants to go even bigger."
682,682,2027,the u.s. cannot confirm whether the islamist commander was killed or wounded. there have been contradictory accounts out of the country. a spokesman says the u.s. air strikes on friday night did not kill or hurt the commander. he was speaking on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific economic cooperation summit in Beijing.
683,683,2029,the video was created by everlast. it shows how some men disrespect women. but there's a very shocking twist!. share this with your friends and family by clicking the button below...................
684,684,2030,"a video showing sons catcalling their mothers in Peru's capital city of Lima has gone viral. the video shows that seven out of ten women are harassed in the streets of Lima. the video ends with the message, ""if you harass women don't wait for us to get you to respect them"" the video was filmed by a peruvian television show."
685,685,2038,"the original concept for the apple watch was one that tracked blood pressure, heart activity, stress levels. but none of those features will make it into the final product due to a variety of issues, the Journal reports. some of those features didn't work properly. others proved too complex. the company has been touting its first smartwatch as more of an all-purpose wearable."
686,686,2040,"the young woman, known only by the pseudonym ‘Rehana’, became world famous after a picture of her flashing a “V” for victory sign went viral on social media. she was part of an unusual movement in the Islamic world: a 10,000 strong, fully female and officially sanctioned militia unit dedicated to defending Kurdish territory. most female peshmerga fighters are trained as snipers."
687,687,2041,jihadi al-Britani killed in drone strikes on Syria. he was killed in a series of attacks by the u.s. on syria. jihadi al-Britani is a member of the al-britani jihadi group. he was killed in a series of drone strikes on syria.
688,688,2049,"apple formalizes the release of his Apple Watch on 9 March. it is reported that engraving could be offered on the watch. it could be on the up, left, down the watch, and maybe the back. it could be on the back because there is less information on the final version. apple considers his Apple Watch as jewelry and fashion accessory where the possible arrival of engraving."
689,689,2050,"two planes have been shot down in al-Anbar province, a senior lawmaker says. he says the planes were carrying weapons for the terrorist group. the head of the committee says the parliament has asked for explanations. he says the government is receiving daily reports from people and security forces. he says the us prefers a chaotic situation in anbar province."
690,690,2057,masked 'executioner' with a London accent attended meeting of IS leaders. meeting was targeted by american and Iraqi jets in western town of al Qaim. foreign office spokesman said: 'we are aware of reports that this individual [Jihadi John] has been injured'. ten IS commanders were killed and around 40 injured in joint mission.
691,691,2059,"Iga Jasica, 19, woke up while undergoing brain surgery in poland. surgeons may have triggered neurons which caused her to regain consciousness. she also regained the ability to hear and speak, but not the senses. jasica reportedly felt so comfortable as she chatted with the surgeons, she started talking about cats."
692,692,2063,an Islamic State video purports to show the beheading of a US journalist. the video was released last month after a video showed a fellow journalist being killed. the white house says it is checking the reports. the apparent beheading is a way for IS to get back at the us for its actions. a british journalist says the apparent beheading is a way for IS to get back at the us.
693,693,2065,"the architect student, referred to only by his surname Han, went missing last month. he is believed to be the son of a close confidant of a close aide to a former leader's uncle. his father is known to have been killed recently as part of a regime purge of his allies. he is believed to have evaded abduction by agents of the communist regime."
694,694,2066,"helric Fredou, 45, was found dead by one of his colleagues in his police office. he was in charge of investigating last week's attack on satirical magazine. 12 people were killed in the attack on satirical magazine. satirical magazine published cartoons deemed offensive to islam. satirical magazine has apologised for the killings."
695,695,2071,video recording posted on the internet shows al-Baghdadi making first public appearance. he is alleged to be the reclusive leader of the militant Islamic State. he was wounded in a u.s.-led airstrike on a convoy of militants in iraq on friday. a security strategist says al-Baghdadi was killed along with several other members of the group.
696,696,2073,"a 42-year-old fisherman was attacked by a brown bear when his phone rang. the bear played the annoying crescendo of ""baby, baby, baby, baby oooh"" and fled. the fisherman sustained cuts and bruises on his face and chest. he was taken to the hospital after other fisherman found him."
697,697,2074,"letter of support was given to a primary school teacher by a 9-year-old girl. the teacher came out after learning pupils felt there was something wrong. full letter reads: 'even though you’re gay, I will always treat you the same way as I do now. I still think about you the same way as I used to'. the teacher and school have not been revealed but he gave an interview."
698,698,2082,afton Elizabeth Burton reportedly wanted to display manson's body in a glass crypt. the convicted murderer and his bride-to-be were due to wed in april. the couple's wedding was postponed when manson became ill. the ap reports that the couple's marriage license was set to expire.
699,699,2083,"teacher shared touching letter after he came out as gay. he said: 'even though you're gay, i will always treat you the same way as I do now. I still think about you the same way as I used to'. the letter came some days later and he said:'reading it brought tears to my eyes'. he said: 'i'd asked who'd heard 'gay' being used as an insult. Almost every one of my class put their"
700,700,2085,the NHL is expanding from 30... to 32... to 34... or more clubs. there are enough worthwhile markets outside Seattle and Las Vegas to go to 36. the league has operated the past 40-plus years. the expansion is a result of the expansion of the original six. the expansion of the original six is a result of the expansion of the league.
701,701,2086,"the officers were located trying to cross at Rainbow Bridge in Niagara Falls, new york. they were on a joint military training exercise in Cape cod. the soldiers were reported missing by base security personnel late Saturday. two Afghan policemen recently went missing while in washington, D.C. for a DEA training program; they were found safe somewhere outside d.c."
702,702,2089,"new information suggests that Joan Rivers should not have gone into cardiac arrest. a routine endoscopy went wrong, according to reports. the clinic's staff members revealed a shocking detail to investigators looking into her death. the clinic's doctor reportedly took a selfie with Joan while she was under anesthesia. the biopsy may have caused Rivers to stop breathing."
703,703,2094,"airstrike has wounded the leader of the Islamic State group,. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, according to officials. a senior military official also said he learned in operational meetings that al-Baghdadi had been wounded. al-Baghdadi, an ambitious Iraqi militant believed to be in his early 40s, has a 10 million dollar US (£6.2m) bounty on his head."
704,704,2095,"the original McDonald's pizza was sold in two locations in the 1990s. the original was sold in a store in a town in a town in a southeastern u.s. town. now, a new location in Spencer, west virginia, is still serving the same pizza. the original was sold in a store in a town in a southeastern u.s. town."
705,705,2099,analyst predicts the apple watch will begin shipping by march. the 12-inch MacBook Air is also expected to launch in the same quarter. the 12-inch MacBook Air is also expected to ship in the same quarter. the analyst also predicts a drop in demand for the iPad. a special event may be held to unveil the details of the smartwatch. a new ipad will be released in the first quarter.
706,706,2100,"artist Quinton Winter was stunned by the amount of coverage the crab has received. he said he was not trying to lie about anything, it's just a bit of fun. he said: 'i don’t think anyone seriously believes there actually is a 50ft crab in Whitstable. what would it feast on? Fat, juicy Londoners?'"
707,707,2101,"the leader of the militant group the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) was hit Saturday in the town of Qaim in Iraq’s Anbar province. he was hit during a meeting with militant forces, anonymous Iraqi officials said. the defense and interior ministries of Iraq said in statements that al-Baghdadi was injured, but they did not elaborate on the injury or the air strike."
708,708,2105,"Leelah Alcorn, 16, stepped in front of a tractor trailer on a rural highway. her mother posted a tribute to her child on facebook using her birth name. she had published a note hours before her death on her Tumblr account. she says she identified as a girl from the age of four and discovered she could be transgender at age 14."
709,709,2107,"Argentinean president Christina Fernández de Kirchner adopted a 13-year-old boy named Yair Tawil as her godson. the president's motivations for doing so are based on a centuries-old legend that seventh sons will transform into werewolves. in 1907, fear of this creature was so acute in Argentina that families sometimes murdered their seventh sons to prevent the legend from coming true."
710,710,2108,al-Britani killed in airstrike in Syria. al-Britani was killed in a'syrian airstrike'. al-britani was killed in an airstrike on tuesday. al-britani was a british citizen who was a 'british citizen'
711,711,2110,"the 12-inch MacBook Air is rumored to be due for an update on march 9. the rumor comes from the Michael Report, which claims sources inside Apple say the company’s long-awaited update to the MacBook Air will be announced. the rumored device will supposedly feature a fan-less design made possible by Intel’s next-gen Broadwell processors."
712,712,2112,"staff at the animal shelter in poland had introduced a male snow owl into her enclosure to offer her company. two days later, her mate was found dead and half-devoured. 'we were horrified when we then discovered she had killed him,' says shelter spokesman. for any Harry Potter fans out there, this may change your opinion of Hedwig who was also a female snowy owl."
713,713,2117,"schoolfriend's mother sent invoice for £15.95 for her son's non-attendance. he was invited to party at dry ski slope in Plymouth, Devon, just before christmas. but parents realised he was double-booked and due to spend time with grandparents. he was due to spend time with grandparents, which he did."
714,714,2119,the incident allegedly occurred at yorkville endoscopy in Manhattan. investigators believe that the comedian went into cardiac arrest. a rumoured biopsy revealed that her vocal chords had swelled. the physician then took a selfie with the star before performing the procedure. the doctor has been fired from the clinic and has not yet been named.
715,715,2120,"the men were among 14 members of the Afghanistan National Army. they disappeared from a Cape cod shopping mall on saturday night. it was the second time in a week that an Afghan soldier went missing. the exercise involves 200 soldiers from six nations. it is aimed at fostering better relations. a week ago, two Afghan soldiers training in the u.s. went missing."
716,716,2121,"report: apple plans to eliminate the Beats Music streaming service. source: on-demand music could be integrated into iTunes. beats music CEO has been splitting time between the services. report: a ""significant music announcement"" could be made in 2015. a source says the service will eventually disappear. a source says the service will be discontinued. a source says the service will be discontinued."
717,717,2126,woman was forced to pick up arms after her son was shot dead. her son was leading a small group of police forces in a check post. gun battle lasted for almost 7 hours and left at least 25 Taliban militants dead. spokesman for the ministry of interior says campaign is a symbol of a revolution. the Taliban militants group has not commented regarding the incident.
718,718,2128,"evil aunt was sending text messages to her boyfriend while on the loo. three-year-old Qiang Qiang burst in and asked to use her mobile. instead of giving him the phone, the fuming aunt went into the kitchen. she picked up a knife and severed the boy's penis. the boy was rushed to hospital where surgeons managed to reattach the member."
719,719,2131,Argentinian president adopts seventh son to prevent him turning into werewolf. tradition dates back to a folk story in the country. yair is the first Jewish boy to participate in the adoption tradition. he became the first Jewish godson of a president in argentina's history. he is the first child to be adopted by a president.
720,720,2136,"envoy to the united nations calls on the security council to investigate allegations of organ removal. a dozen doctors were executed in northern Iraq after allegedly refusing to harvest organs of victims. the Islamic State is guilty of ""crimes of genocide,"" the envoy says. at least 790 people were killed in January in Iraq, the envoy says."
721,721,2140,state-run airline of Saudi Arabia does not have plans to separate passengers based on gender. source: state-run airline does not have plans to separate passengers based on gender. a number of airlines have been criticized for separating passengers based on gender. a source says the airline is not separating passengers based on gender. a source says the airline is not separating passengers based on gender.
722,722,2146,"a photo of what appears to be a 50-foot crab hanging out near a wharf in Kent, England, started making the rounds on the Internet. the photo was featured on a local curiosities site called weird Whitstable, and eventually dubbed ""Crabzilla"" experts say neither a giant crab nor unusual sand formation is a hoax."
723,723,2150,Reza Gul found her son's dead body at his police outpost in western farah province. she took revenge on the Taliban by helping gun down up to 400 insurgents. she joined other female family members in a seven hour fire fight against the militants. 25 Taliban were reported killed - with five more wounded. the family's bravery will be remembered by the police and residents of farah province.
724,724,2151,"the success of the Islamic State (IS) highlights that the group has multiple sources of funding. the latter includes a wide variety of funding schemes, including through medical facilities. the money supplied internally is allocated to local and foreign fighters. the militant group took control of Mosul in June and then expanded in august. a third funding source is the imposition of royalties on residents in IS territories."
725,725,2157,"woman in china allegedly cuts off her husband's penis twice. she allegedly sent racy emails to another woman. she then threw it out the window. her husband is now under arrest for grievous bodily harm. he has five children, his lover says. he isn't alarmed that he's missing his penis."
726,726,2158,"helric Fredou, 45, shot himself in his police office in Limoges last week. his body was found by a colleague at 1am on tuesday hours after the attack. shortly before committing suicide he met with the family of one of the victims. satirical magazine's offices were attacked last week by brothers said and Cherif."
727,727,2160,"police say they shot out a car window with a bean bag to stop it. shards of glass went flying into the pregnant woman's face and eyes. she was rushed to a nearby hospital, but doctors were unable to save her left eye. her father, Donnell, also called for something to be done for what happened. he said: ""there was no reason to fire upon an innocent person sitting in a vehicle"""
728,728,2169,"the move was intended to ensure that one of the most popular games was available for the computing giant’s family of devices. the sides still need to work out many details, and a deal could fall through. Minecraft’s blocky graphics are crude by today’s standards, looking like virtual Lego bricks. but unlike many of the start-ups purchased by big technology companies for billions of dollars, Minecraft is already a lucrative business."
729,729,2173,"a woman in her fifties had her hair sucked up into a robot vacuum at her home in the city of Changwon, south Korea. the housewife called 119, Korea’s emergency telephone number, and paramedics quickly arrived at the scene. the housewife suffered only minor injuries. the likelihood of this type accident occurring is undoubtedly more significant in countries with a “sitting-on-the-floor” culture."
730,730,2179,"a number of young protesters are using the same ""hands up, don't shoot"" gesture. the gesture became a symbol of last month's protests in Ferguson, md. protesters are organized within a group called Occupy central. it's fascinating to see a symbol of the fight against racism and police violence in America."
731,731,2182,the largest known crab in the world is the Japanese spider crab. they can measure 12 feet across from claw to claw and weigh up to 40 pounds. the crab is believed to be driftwood with a striking resemblance to a crab. the article also mentions a man who runs a website devoted to the weird and unusual. he reportedly thought the crab in question was initially driftwood with a striking resemblance to a crab.
732,732,2183,"the 21-year-old, who calls herself Jasmine Tridevil, posts videos of her daily life in Tampa, Florida, on Facebook. she claims her third breast was made using an implant and skin tissue cut from her abdomen. the surgeon was not able to make an artificial areola, so Tridevil had one tattooed on to ""look natural"""
733,733,2189,"five-year-old boy in Torpoint, england, was invited to a friend's birthday party. he did not show up and was given an invoice for his non-appearance. the bill for £15.95 (approx. $25) was in his son's school bag last week. the boy's teacher at the school put the notice in his school bag."
734,734,2190,the 67-year-old farmer and his sons could spend up to five years in prison expect legal experts. dozens of piglets were forced into sexual acts with clients of the pig brothel. authorities fear a recrudescence in sexual deviant behavior with animals in the region. the farmer and his sons could spend up to five years in prison expect legal experts.
735,735,2193,31-year-old addicted to Emmental after falling in love with him in Switzerland. he has now put on so much weight that he now walks with a limp. enemies of the regime claim his poor health is down to expanding waistline. he was spotted limping at a ceremony in the north's capital. he was spotted at the 20th anniversary of the death of his granddad.
736,736,2194,"ambassador: bodies with surgical incisions, missing kidneys found in mass graves. he says a dozen doctors have been ""executed"" in Mosul for refusing to participate. envoy to the united nations says 790 people were killed in January alone. he says the most pressing goal is to win back the vast territory that ISIS has seized."
737,737,2195,denis McDonough says he sympathized with the families of kidnapped americans. he says the administration threatened legal action against the families. he says the administration attempted a hostage rescue in Syria. the white house announced a counterterrorism plan against the Islamic State. he also urged congress to fund anti-islamic state fighters in Syria.
738,738,2198,"a 17-year-old transgender girl in ohio committed suicide by walking into traffic. she left a harrowing note on her tumblr that exposed the pain, frustration and rejection. she felt like a girl trapped in a boy's body, and she's felt that way ever since. she was diagnosed with depression at age 14 and was able to walk again."
739,739,2199,"two planes have been shot down in al-Anbar province, a senior lawmaker disclosed. the planes were carrying weapons for the terrorist group, he said. he said the parliament has asked the uk for explanations. a senior provincial official lashed out at the western countries for supporting the terrorists. he said that the weapons made by the u.s. and israel were discovered from the terrorists."
740,740,2204,masked 'executioner' with a London accent injured in air strike. he attended summit of group's leaders in an Iraqi town close to border. he narrowly escaped death when he attended meeting last weekend. he was shot dead by american and iraqi jets. masked 'executioner' with a London accent reportedly escaped.
741,741,2205,"woman avenges the death of her son – a police officer – at the hands of the Taliban. she picks up a weapon and starts shooting at Taliban militants after she sees them kill her son. this armed campaign represents ""a symbol of a major revolution,"" police chief says. ""we are proud of the bravery of the family,"" police chief says."
742,742,2209,"the snowy owl killed her new boyfriend because his penis was not big enough. park keepers had noticed the owl was unhappy and decided to pair her up with a new mate. but two days after arriving from germany, they found the new owl devoured and dead. the owl is now being referred to as the 'black widow' by the zoo."
743,743,2216,"two-timing dad of five fan Lung, 32, sent email to lover Zhang Hung, 21. but after forgetting to log out of his account, wife feng, 30, flew into a rage. she stormed into their bedroom where he was sleeping and snipped off his manhood. after being taken to hospital, fuming Feng sneaked into his room and cut it off again."
744,744,2222,"rumor says that apple is producing a smaller handset than the iphone 6. the new phone is rumored to be replacing the iPhone 5c model. the 5c has been Apple’s budget model since its release in September 2013. the new phone is rumored to be replacing the iphone 5c model. the 5c lacked many of the features of the 5s model, including not having Touch ID."
745,745,2226,"Microsoft is in talks to buy Minecraft's developer, Mojang, according to different sources. the deal is valued at over $2 billion, according to the wall street journal. reps for both Redmond and the Swedish developer remain mum on the subject. if you're looking to compare products, see which one is best for you. if you're looking to buy a game, you'll find it's a great way to compare prices."
746,746,2229,claims that the US threatened the Foley family over ransom payments are being refuted. the family is being held in a solitary cell in a solitary cell in a solitary cell. the family is being held in a solitary cell in a solitary cell in a solitary cell. the family is being held in a solitary cell in a solitary cell in a solitary cell.
747,747,2231,"Igor Vorozhbitsyn, 41, was attacked by a brown bear in the woods. his mobile phone went off and he set off his ringtone, Justin Beiber's 'Baby'. the bear fled back into the forest and he suffered cuts and bruises. wildlife experts said a sudden noise can frighten animals."
748,748,2232,foreign secretary says video appears to be genuine. dozens of britons are believed to have traveled to Syria to fight in civil war. a similar outfit was worn by a kidnapped american in 2004. the video was posted online and shows the murder of a journalist. a similar outfit is believed to be a jihadist symbol of the prison.
749,749,2233,"a report recently went viral on the internet claiming that the 88-year-old ‘Playboy’ founder had passed away of natural causes. fans of the 88-year-old celebrity took to twitter to sound off on their concerns. a website with the URL “nbctoday.co” posted the story, and it went viral across various social media sites."
750,750,2239,"the unidentified girl wrote the letter to a primary school teacher after he came out as gay to his class. he used his own sexuality to explain why homophobia was wrong. the teacher agreed to tell his class about his fiancé in order to explain when people use that word they’re talking about me. online, users celebrated the letter with one user writing: ""wouldn't it be lovely if everyone saw things as innocently as this little girl"""
751,751,2243,claims al-Sisi offered abbas extended Gaza strip substantiated. israeli radio says al-Sisi rejected the offer. israeli military says al-Sisi offered abbas an extended Gaza strip. israeli military says al-Sisi offered abbas an extended Gaza strip. a spokesman for the israeli military says al-Sisi's offer was a ruse.
752,752,2244,"rumours suggest the iphone 6S camera will have a dual-lens camera. a new pressure sensor is also rumoured to be included on the next iphone. a 32GB version of the 16GB model is also rumoured to be in the works. a new camera is likely, and we’re sure Apple is at least entertaining the idea of a new camera."
753,753,2245,weird whitstable curator Quinton Winter believes he lives in the uk's weirdest town. but he couldn't believe this aerial photograph of a 50-foot crab lurking in the shallows off the harbour. he went to check it out for himself and thought it was a 'funny looking bit of driftwood'
754,754,2253,"ESPN host Chris Fowler reported wrong facts about tennis star. media mass reported he made $46 million last year. he also reported he has his own vodka line, soccer team and restaurant chain. despite the false report, he was reportedly only making $11 million. a note said the story was false, but it was posted on a 2012 page describing the project."
755,755,2258,"jasmine tridevil, 21, claims she had surgery to obtain a third breast. she claims she had to contact 50 doctors before she found a surgeon willing to operate. she claims the surgeon forced her to sign a non-disclosure agreement. a sleuth of the internet has now weighed in with some pretty convincing research."
756,756,2259,north Korean dictator reportedly putting on the pounds with the Swiss cheese. rumors surfaced after he appeared on television with a swollen face. he also had a limp during the ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the death of the nation’s founder Kim Il-sung. dissidents who have fled the hermit kingdom said his increasing weight was affecting his health.
757,757,2262,"a site called hip hop hangover published a story claiming the actress was raped by cosby. lz granderson: i was practically a baby on that show and this is truly a disgusting rumor. he says the site is a ""gossip parody and satirical publication"" granderson: if you want to see a real-life version of the rumor, you have to watch it."
758,758,2270,"jasmine tridevil, 21, allegedly paid $20,000 to have a third boob implanted on her chest. debunkers say the alleged evidence is coming from her, and the doctor forced her to sign a non-disclosure agreement. ""i'm not ready to do that right now because it's in episode six of my show,"" she says."
759,759,2279,al-Britani reportedly killed in a US air strike on Syria. al-Britani was a jihadist who was a member of the al-qaeda. al-Britani was a jihadist who was a member of the al-qaeda. al-qaeda ruled the country in a'syrian state'
760,760,2282,"picture of giant crab lurking at a resort in the uk has become an internet sensation. people flock to a website to judge for themselves whether it's a true crab or a hoax. a follower sent the image to Quinton Winter, who collates strange and spooky sightings for his weird Whitstable website."
761,761,2285,"three missing soldiers in Massachusetts were trying to cross the Niagara Falls Rainbow bridge. they told customs agents they were refugees and were trying to cross the bridge. it is the second time in a week that Afghan security trainees have disappeared. two police officers training with the DEA wandered off during a sightseeing trip to Georgetown. they decided they wanted to stay in the united states, but authorities found them."
762,762,2289,"u.s. intelligence community analyzed video showing sotloff. u.s. will try to authenticate video quickly, official says. sotloff's mother released video last week pleading with Islamic State to spare son's life. u.s. has spent ""significant time and resources"" to try and rescue sotloff."
763,763,2291,"jasmine tridevil says she spoke with over 50 cosmetic surgeons before finding one willing to break ethical boundaries of his profession. ""they put a mini-implant to make it look like a nipple poking out,"" she says. she says she has also hired a camera crew to follow her around in hopes that MTV will give her a reality show."
764,764,2292,jasmine tridevil contacted over 50 doctors before she found a surgeon willing to perform the surgery. the doctor who performed the surgery couldn't add an areola so Tridevil had one tattooed on instead. she claims that she isn't interested in dating anymore. her biggest dream is to have an MTV reality show. a spokesman for the doctor who performed the surgery said that he would not be able to perform the surgery.
765,765,2294,"fiancee of manson wants to put his corpse on display in a glass crypt. she says she and a friend think the crypt would be a money-making draw. but manson doesn't want to be put on display for all eternity. the couple's marriage licence expired on february 5. if they married, the couple would get possession of the corpse."
766,766,2298,"the nsc says it is ""appalled"" by the apparent beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff. the video purports to show the killing of the 31-year-old freelance journalist. the white house could not immediately confirm the validity of the video. the video was released on august 19. a white house spokesman says ""our thoughts and prayers"" are with the family."
767,767,2300,three senior Afghan military officers failed to return to a U.S. training base in Cape Cod. they were detained at the rainbow bridge Canadian/u.s. border crossing hnear NiagaraFAlls. the men were on an off-base chaperoned excursion when they failed to return. the men are among 200 soldiers taking part in the tactical exercises.
768,768,2301,"hoax: woman who reported adding third breast was lying. woman who reported adding third breast was lying and story is a hoax. woman who reported adding third breast was lying and story is a hoax. hoax: woman who reported adding third breast was lying.., hoax: story is a hoax. we're not talking about a woman who has lied."
769,769,2308,"bart was buried after being struck by a car and his owner buried him. he was buried for five days and he reclaimed his life slowly. he needed treatment for facial wounds, a broken jaw and a ruined eye. despite the difficult days ahead, the humane society expects that bart will be back home soon."
770,770,2310,"LG Display will be the sole supplier of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens for the Apple watches that go on sale in April. Samsung Display will also become a supplier for the next version of the smartwatch that is expected to go on sale sometime in the second half of this year or early 2016. apple has scheduled a special event on march 9, where it is expected to showcase Apple Watch."
771,771,2312,three men from Afghanistan were last seen on saturday. they were trying to cross the border into canada. they were caught at the famed rainbow bridge. the men have visas that remain valid for several days. a senior Afghan military officer applied for asylum in the uk. a senior u.s. officer was slated to carry the flag for his country at a NATO summit.
772,772,2315,"bear fled when fishing man's cellphone rang. ringtone was bieber's song ""Baby"" bear fled when fishing man's cellphone rang. bear fled when fishing man's cellphone rang. bear fled when fishing man's cellphone rang.. bear fled.. bear fled.. bear fled.."
773,773,2316,"fourth grader told another boy his magic ring could make him disappear. principal said threats to another child's safety would not be tolerated. ""i assure you my son lacks the magical powers necessary to threaten his friend's existence,"" the boy's father said. ""if he did, I'm sure he'd bring him right back,"" the boy's father said."
774,774,2319,"a u.k. report says jihadists dressed foley in orange jumpsuits. aaron miller: the right wing thinks they've found proof that the killer was freed. he says the u.s. government is a good place to start a conversation about jihad. miller: if we want to see a freed killer, we need to start a dialogue about the issue."
775,775,2320,"fishing in the yukutia republic, Russia, Igor Vorozhbitsyn was attacked by a bear. his ringtone, baby, scared off the bear and he was rescued by fishermen. he suffered cuts and bruises to his face and chest and is now recovering. the bear retreated back into the forest and he is now recovering."
776,776,2323,"rivers's personal doctor performed a biopsy on her vocal cords. the biopsy should have been performed at a hospital, experts say. now, an unnamed source claims her doctor took a selfie while she was under anesthesia. rivers died at Mount Sinai hospital on sept. 4 at age 81. initial autopsy results from the medical examiner’s office were deemed inconclusive."
777,777,2324,sources confirm that apple is shutting down the streaming music service. many engineers from Beats Music have already been moved off the product. it's not clear when exactly Jimmy Iovine and Dre's music service will be shut down. there were no plans to integrate Beats Music into iTunes. a separate service would remain as a standalone service.
778,778,2331,"production is ""gearing up"" for the upcoming launch of the Apple Watch, according to a new report. the company is expecting high global demand for its innovative smartwatch. the stainless steel band for the watch could start as high as $500. the price of a solid gold band for the watch could be as high as $5,000. a recent rumor report from Business Insider pegs a release as soon as Valentine's Day 2015."
779,779,2333,rumours on the internet that the 85-year-old had died after suffering a heart attack. he has since rekindled his relationship with model shera bechard. he has spoken of his love for his former fiancee and has found a new mate. he has also spoken of his love for a woman who he says is 'inspiring'
780,780,2335,"jasmine tridevil, 21, claims to have had a third breast implanted. her video on YouTube has almost a million hits. she says she is willing to do whatever it takes to be famous. ""i saw it coming,"" she says. ""i'm not ready to do that right now because it's in episode six of my show"""
781,781,2339,the video shows the beheading of american journalist Steven Sotloff. the militant in the video speaks to U.S. president Barack Obama. he warns that his fate depends on what president obama does next in Iraq. sotloff's mother released a video pleading with ISIS leader not to kill her son.
782,782,2346,"path co-founder and CEO Dave Morin was in front row at apple's big product unveiling. he posted a photo of himself with rap star, dr. dre, at the event. path has raised about $67 million, including a $25 million round disclosed in January. the company is also developing a messaging app that will allow users to message agents."
783,783,2350,"ambassador to the united nations: ""we have bodies. Come and examine them"" a dozen doctors have been ""executed"" in Mosul for refusing to participate in organ harvesting. 790 people were killed in January alone by terrorism and armed conflict. a tribal leader from anbar province in Iraq urges the u.s. to give his tribes weapons and money."
784,784,2353,"brown bear attacked fisherman in the yukutia republic. he was walking to his favorite fishing spot when his cellphone rang. the bear fled, but the ringtone of Justin Bieber's ""baby"" startled it. the bear is now recovering. a u.s. citizen is suing the bear for a $2 million fine."
785,785,2355,"'tempting' eyes may be forced to cover up under islamic state's latest repressive measure. women already have to wear a long black cloak, called an abaya, cover their hair and, in some regions, conceal their faces while in public. if they do not, they face punishments including fines and public floggings."
786,786,2357,"the star, 81, had checked in for a routine throat procedure in Manhattan on august 28. she went into cardiac arrest around 9.40am on august 27. a doctor performing a biopsy on her vocal cord allegedly took a selfie with her while she was under anesthetic in the procedure room. a member of staff at Manhattan's yorkville endoscopy clinic told investigators about the doctor's questionable behavior."
787,787,2358,"fake-news website World News Daily Report claims illegal loggers have mistakenly cut down the world's oldest tree in the amazon rainforest. the story is circulating rapidly via social media and email. it hails from the fake-news website, which considers itself satirical. nothing published on the site has any credibility and the site's material should not be taken seriously."
788,788,2359,"jasmine tridevil, 21, claims she had surgery to add a ""third breast"" to her body. the massage therapist says she had to ask over 50 doctors to perform the procedure. she also got an areola tattooed on. the procedure cost $20,000 and she couldn't disclose what doctor performed it. a doctor says she is not a doctor, but a doctor who has a mental health clearance."
789,789,2361,"sources: LG is ""sole supplier"" of OLED displays for the forthcoming Apple Watch. rival Samsung has already signed on to make the displays for the next generation of the wearable. rumours: the second version of the watch could launch late in 2015 or early in 2016. the second version of the watch could have both displays. a spokesman for the watch's makers says the rumour is ""untrue"""
790,790,2363,"weapons made in the US, European countries and Israel were also discovered in Ramadi, a senior legislator says. the incident was reported by foreign and alternative media but not mentioned by the establishment media in the u.s. Europe. in april a purported errant airdrop of weapons fell into the hands of the Islamic State. in april a purported errant airdrop of weapons fell into the hands of the terrorist group."
791,791,2366,"the video appears to show the execution of Steven sotloff. he is the second american killed by a self-professed member of the terror group. sotloff's mother, Shirley, issued a videotaped plea directly to the leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, asking him to spare her son."
792,792,2368,"the comedian's personal doctor took a selfie in the operating room while Rivers was under anesthesia, and also performed a biopsy on her vocal cords without her prior consent. it is believed that the doctor who was not authorized to practice at the clinic performed the unauthorized biopsy that ultimately caused her to go into cardiac arrest. the doctor named in these accusations has yet to be identified."
793,793,2373,"Igor Nerungri Vorozhbitsyn, 53, was attacked by a bear in the taiga. he was bitten in the chest and a mobile phone was put in his breast pocket. he was left with lacerations on his face and chest, broke a vein in his hand. he was able to escape with a cloak and a knife."
794,794,2378,"n.k. despot is reportedly dying because he is addicted to Elemental cheese. it's believed he is bulking up on weight so he can look more like his grandfather. some believe it's so he can look more like his grandfather, Kim Il-Sung. he could start his weight-lifting career and fight Obama in a one-on-one battle royale."
795,795,2380,"photograph appears to show 50ft-wide crustacean lurking in shallow water. shadowy figure dwarfs fishing boasts resting on nearby pier in the town. some claim it is proof of 'Crabzilla', others claim it is a playful hoax. but others say it is nothing more than an unusually-shaped sandbank."
796,796,2381,"a military historian is reporting a huge explosion at an oil pipeline in Saudi Arabia. speculation and conspiracy theories immediately emerged on social media concerning the news. a pipeline explosion will automatically decrease production, and the oil price will go back up. the explosion is a way to get oil prices to go back up without the Saudis appearing to give in. a pipeline explosion will automatically decrease production, and the oil price will go back up."
797,797,2382,"argentina adopted a werewolf godson under a law to counteract a generations-old legend. president Christina Fernandez de Kirchner agreed to take on Yail Tawil as her godson. the law was passed because belief in the curse became so widespread. many media reports described Tawil as a boy, but the Guardian says he's 21."
798,798,2383,"Argentine president Cristina Kirchner has adopted a boy who is a ""total sweety"" yair Tawil, 21, was born in the argentine city of Rosario. he is the seventh son of Shlomo and Nehama Tawil. he is the first Jewish godson of a president in argentina's history."
799,799,2384,"Tesla will join governor's and legislative leaders at a news conference. there is no word if the factory will be built in Northern or Southern Nevada. the company is calling it a ""major economic development"" announcement. the battery factory will be built in a battery factory in san francisco. a battery factory in san francisco is expected to open in june."
800,800,2390,"bart, a mangled cat, was buried after being hit by a car. he wandered into a neighbor's yard, reportedly in weak, dehydrated condition. despite extensive injuries, veterinarians expect bart to survive. he will have his jaw wired, his left-eye removed, and a feeding tube inserted."
801,801,2392,"jasmine tridevil, 21, filed an incident report after losing a three breast prosthesis. she claims she underwent her surgery a few months ago and it cost $20,000. she claims she tried 50-60 doctors before she found one willing to perform it. a new york plastic surgeon has dismissed the possibility of it being real. she is also paying for a film crew to follow her around."
802,802,2393,"apple and LG seem to have a trusty, healthy relationship on display. the apple watch is expected to ship 26 to 29 million watches this year. other analysts think apple will ship just 8.5 million watches. the watch is expected to be released in early 2014. the company has been on the forefront of this technology. a new iwatch is expected to be released in april."
803,803,2394,north's 'Dear Leader' has not been photographed in public since September 3. he has been seen walking with a limp and has been seen walking with a limp. experts think weight gain may be deliberate to look like late grandfather. but experts say he is'suffering from discomfort' and may have gout. he imports vast quantities of his favourite variety of cheese.
804,804,2395,"cnn analyst Jim suva says the event is likely focused on the apple watch. he says the watch will be available in a variety of colors and materials. the company is more likely to benefit from continued iPhone 6 sales, he says. suva has a Buy rating on apple, and a $135 price target. he says the company is actively expanding its total available market."
805,805,2396,"apple hasn’t given a launch date for its first smartwatch, which it unveiled in September, only saying to expect the device in early 2015. other reports also have said the watch will be generally available in march. apple has said the smartwatch will need nightly recharging, but hasn’t offered other battery information. the company will sell 2.8 million Apple Watches in march and go on to sell 5 million devices in the first quarter of 2015."
806,806,2400,a kid claims to be asking his dad questions for a sociology class. he's just egging his dad on to watch him lose his damn mind. he's a sexy kid who's a sexy kid who's a sexy kid. he's also a sexy kid who's a sexy kid.
807,807,2402,"world news daily report claims a ghost ship filled with rats is heading towards florida. all 17 crew members of the Guinean Luck are reported to have died from ebola hemorrhagic fever. the presence of thousands of rats possibly infected with the disease could represent a major threat for the american population. the fictitious article contained fabricated photos, made-up mathematical measurements, and imaginary quotes from invented officials."
808,808,2416,"stray cat from canada, who was born with both male and female genitalia, is set to undergo gender reassignment surgery. ""i'd like for it to be a female, but it really doesn't matter,"" owner Colleen Clarke-Murphy told CBC. Mittens will be both spayed and neutered before the reconstructive surgery takes place."
809,809,2422,"report: apple will use a dual lens system in the camera of the next-generation iPhone. the dual lens setup will help the iPhone capture more light, resulting in better photos. it will also add optical zoom capability to the camera, which also gives better photos. the report also says that Apple will use its Force Touch technology in the upcoming iPhones. the touch sensors said to be used in the new iPhones can determine the users' blood pressure and pulse more accurately."
810,810,2425,"jasmine tridevil, 21, says she spent $20,000 for a third breast to make herself ""unattractive to men"" she says she had the plastic surgery because she doesn't want to date anymore. she has aspirations to be a reality star, and hopes to get a show on MTV. ""i told my mom on camera. (she) ran out the door,"" she tells an Orlando radio station."
811,811,2426,"the three men were reported missing on Saturday night. they were located at the border, apparently seeking asylum. the three men were engaged in a joint exercise at camp Edwards. the exercise is ongoing and is scheduled to wrap up by Wednesday. a spokesman says there is no indication they pose a threat to the public. a source could not be quoted on the record because he was not authorized to speak."
812,812,2427,"report: apple is on the verge of announcing an acquisition of social network and app Path. source: agreement between apple and Path is ""essentially a done deal"" a source says apple is looking to keep path intact following the rumored buyout. path cofounder was seen sitting in front row at the keynote. despite its troubles, the app has been featured in the iOS App Store."
813,813,2428,"a new team close to the newly renamed Arizona squad and California’s big three is all but assured. there are no surefire plans to build a new rink, but that could change at any time. a new team close to the newly renamed Arizona squad and California’s big three is all but assured. a new team close to the newly renamed Arizona squad and California’s big three is all but assured."
814,814,2429,five men intruded on the home of former u.s. navy SEAL who killed bin Laden. the five men were seeking to collect on a drug debt. the intended target was the neighbor of the former u.s. navy SEAL. he was uninjured and the five men remain hospitalized. the gang is connected with the infamous 'crips'
815,815,2430,"elusive leader would mark a change in the effort to curtail the extremist group. british defence chief warns that the Isis leadership would regenerate. but he says it will take'some days' to have absolute confirmation. meanwhile, Iraqi forces reach centre of northern city of Baiji. they are trying to break the Isis siege of the country’s biggest refinery."
816,816,2435,"spokesman of religious police says committee will cover ""tempting"" eyes. aaron miller: committee is a ""pillar from Islam"" and should be supported by all sides. he says it's a ""stupid"" move, but it's a way to show support for the religious police. miller: if we want to see the beauty of the world, we need to show our compassion."
817,817,2436,"two locations still sell the long-since-discontinued italian-ish treat. the two locations are located on the Ohio-west virginia border. the same pizza is sold at the west virginia location. if you do go, you're most likely diminishing a stockpile of nostalgic food. adam lapetina is a food/drink staff writer for Thrillist."
818,818,2437,"source: Lenovo could make an offer to acquire BlackBerry as early as this week. the company could pay as much as USD 18 per share, the source says. the Canadian government reportedly blocked a potential BlackBerry deal with Lenovo. a BlackBerry spokesperson declined to comment. a blackberry spokesperson declined to comment. a BlackBerry spokesperson declined to comment. a spokesperson declined to comment."
819,819,2439,81-year-old was getting a routine procedure at yorkville endoscopy. her personal doctor paused to snap a selfie while she was under anesthesia. she went into cardiac arrest moments later. her personal physician has not yet been named. rivers died at mount san diego hospital. she never regained consciousness after the botched biopsy.
820,820,2449,"a fake twitter account has been suspended. the actor has denied the allegations. he has also denied rumors that he was one of his victims. the actor played cosby's daughter, denise, on the cosby show. he has denied the allegations through his lawyer. a spokesman for the actor says he is investigating the allegations."
821,821,2457,apple is holding a press conference to announce the release of iOS 8.2. the software is expected to be released to the public on thursday. it is expected to be released on a build number of 12D508. the release date is set for thursday. apple is holding a press conference to announce the release. the company is also holding a press conference to announce the release.
822,822,2460,al-Sisi denies reports he proposed the extension of the Gaza Strip. he says he is not aware of any plans by the israeli government. he says he is not aware of any plans by the u.s. to extend the Gaza strip. he says he is not aware of any plans by the u.s.
823,823,2461,"the company originally envisioned a device that could monitor heart rate, blood pressure and stress levels. the company's engineers found hairy arms, dry skin and even how tightly the watch is worn can affect the results. the company's expected to sell a ton, reportedly ordering around 6 million units from its Asian suppliers. the company has a good track record of substantially improving its devices after a debut model appears."
824,824,2462,Egyptian president offers chance to create a Palestinian state in the Sinai Peninsula. the proposal would have created a state five times the size of Gaza. the future of a unity government between Abbas' Fatah and Hamas remains uncertain. the future of a unity government between Abbas' Fatah and Hamas remains uncertain. a unity government between the two groups remains uncertain.
825,825,2464,"sources in apple's supply chain in Asia have detailed a ""dual-lens"" camera module. such a feature would improve the camera’s low-light performance. the ""iPhone 6s"" may also implement a feature called Force Touch. the apple watch is expected to launch sometime in march. a new version of the iphone 6 is expected to be released in april."
826,826,2465,"pressure sensor may introduce 3D flagship personal health care Chen Hong. supply chain came, the fastest, the biggest selling point is likely to adopt dual-lens camera and a zoom function. supply chain began to prepare for the next generation iPhone 6s. excluding Foxconn, and large, light and other old faces Dali is still an important third-party iPhone 6s."
827,827,2466,the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax. the third breast story is a hoax.
828,828,2467,"a facebook post by Tikal goldie showed a picture of her sister Lenora hospitalized from rubber bullets fired in Ferguson, Mo on Monday. Apparently her boy friend was arrested and charged with a felony for trying to run a police officer over. he was arrested and charged with a felony for trying to run a police officer over."
829,829,2482,"Iga Jasica, 19, of Poland, awoke during brain surgery to enjoy a friendly conversation with the surgical staff about cats. she revealed on her facebook page that her temporary consciousness during the procedure was actually part of the plan. she says that far from being a shock to her doctors, ""waking me up was deliberate – This method is called Awake Craniatomy. It was deliberate and planned"""
830,830,2484,a news website said a Chinese computer maker might offer to buy BlackBerry. an offer worth $15 a share could come as early as this week. rumors of a Lenovo bid for BlackBerry have swirled many times over the last two years. BlackBerry's secure networks manage the email traffic of thousands of large corporate customers. a sale to Lenovo would also require government approval under the Industry Canada Act.
831,831,2486,"jasmine tridevil, 21, claims she had plastic surgery to add a breast to her body. police report shows she lost 'a 3 breast prosthesis' in stolen luggage. ""if people don't believe it, that's up to them,"" she says. she hopes to land a show on mtv. she says she's not a hoax."
832,832,2487,a doctor snapped a selfie with Rivers while she was under anesthesia. he performed an unauthorized biopsy on her throat. she died at the hospital a week later. her death is still under investigation. a source says a doctor performed an unauthorized biopsy on her throat. a doctor says the swelling of her vocal chords caused her cardiac arrest.
833,833,2488,"reports: apple has opted to delay production on the rumored larger-screen ""iPad Pro"" production on the 12.9-inch-screen iPad is now scheduled to start around September. delays involving the supply of display panels have been blamed. rumors have hinted at delays for the iPad Pro. the tablet is expected to measure between 12.2 and 12.9 inches."
834,834,2491,"children in a school in Johannesburg, south africa, were caught imitating the sport of dog fighting. the children would get down on all fours and scratch, bite, bark and kick each other. the winner of the match would then get to ""mate"" with a child as a reward. a non-profit dedicated to helping abused children has also come in contact with children role playing dog fighting."
835,835,2493,"a bear attacked a man fishing in the yukutia republic. the man's phone went off, causing the bear to run away. wildlife experts say the noise of the ringtone was probably what stopped the attack. the volume of the song is probably what stopped the bear. a ringtone can also stop an angry bear in its tracks."
836,836,2494,tubby tyrant is recovering from surgery after weight gain caused him to fracture his joints. he is believed to have injured his ankles from eating cheese. the 31-year-old dictator had undergone an operation at the Bonghwa Clinic. he is recovering from surgery at the boneghwa clinic. a source says he left the injury unattended.
837,837,2499,"apple's official launch date is set for April. the company previously said the device would be in ""early 2015"" the company is looking to define the smartwatch industry. the company has been testing the device daily. the company has not said when it will launch the device. a number of developers are working on apps for the watch. a new apple watch is expected to be released in april."
838,838,2500,"new: a doctor who performed the procedure denies performing an unauthorized procedure. new: a doctor who performed the procedure denies taking a selfie of rivers, a source says. new: a doctor who performed the procedure denies taking the selfie. the doctor also denies performing an unauthorized procedure on Rivers. the comedian died a week after suffering cardiac arrest."
839,839,2503,27-year-old afton elaine Burton 'hoped to get manson's corpse through marriage' but he 'got wind of the plan and now no longer wants to marry her' tourist attraction was a non-starter because manson believes he is immortal. manson and Burton's marriage license expired on tuesday.
840,840,2505,the Foley family claims the US threatened them over ransom payments. the family is suing the government for ransom money. the family has filed a lawsuit against the government. the family has been ordered to pay back the ransom. the family has been ordered to pay the ransom.. the family has been ordered to pay the ransom..
841,841,2507,"contrasts between school lunches in the united states and those in less fortunate nations are stark. the wholesome meals from Spain, Ukraine, Greece, South Korea, Brazil, France, Finland and Italy are all fresh and wholesome. in the UK and US, lunch trays feature processed foods such as popcorn chicken, frankfurters, cookies, and beans from a tin."
842,842,2510,"Tesla Motors appears to have chosen Nevada as the site of its planned ""gigafactory"" Tesla's ""major economic development"" announcement is a huge coup for Nevada, which is eager to diversify its economy. the news is a disappointment for California, which fought hard to keep the factory. check back for more on this breaking story. a"
843,843,2512,"denis McDonough denies allegations that the US threatened the Foley family. the white house chief of staff denies the allegations. the family's son, journalist James Foley, was a journalist for the obama administration. the family is accused of trying to secure ransom for their son. a spokesman for the white house says the family is not threatened."
844,844,2513,"the Chinese company's efforts to buy out the struggling phone maker were blocked by the Canadian government last year. the firm could table a new bid as soon as this week, according to Benzinga. Neither company has commented on the merger. earlier this year, a similar deal was blocked by the Canadian authorities due to the BlackBerry infrastructure's ties to national security."
845,845,2516,"the US responded with airstrikes. the airstrikes were successful. the u.s. responded with airstrikes. the u.s. responded with airstrikes.. a u.s. military spokesman said the u.s. was ""very concerned"" about the situation.. a u.s."
846,846,2517,thief 'frog-marched' around block in new outfit after women's underwear went missing. he now faces three years in jail for breaking and entry and theft. he was 'taught a lesson and publicly humiliated' by residents of block. he was 'taught to steal from windows where women lived and knew were open'
847,847,2518,"the first such reports of an actual brush between al-Baghdadi and the u.s. are a first. not much is known about the background of al-Baghdadi, the self-proclaimed Caliph of the new Islamic State. al-Baghdadi is believed to be in his early forties, and ascended to the top of ISIS back in 2010, but the vast majority of his personal biography is unclear."
848,848,2522,Argentinian president has adopted a seventh son to prevent him becoming a werewolf. yair Tawil is the first Jewish boy to take part in the ceremony. the tradition dates back more than 100 years and is based on argentian folklore. he will transform into a werewolf on the first Friday after his 13th birthday.
849,849,2527,female fighter 'Rehana' became face of the conflict after picture of her with rifle and making a V sign was posted on twitter. she fought for the Kurdish women's defense unit and claimed to have killed 100 ISIS militants. picture circulated on twitter purporting to show her head being held aloft by a member of the jihadist organisation.
850,850,2533,"president Donald Trump told Emmanuel Macron he was ""my guy"" in the recent election. the record shows only favorable words from Trump for Macron's opponent. he also said he didn't endorse Marine le Pen. the u.s. leader called Macron after his resounding victory. le pen had distanced herself from her father, national front party founder, Jean-Marie le Pen."
851,851,2534,"president congratulated newly-elected french president Emmanuel Macron. he reportedly told him he was his preferred candidate in the face-off. this comes as a surprise, given Trump’s expression of support for le Pen during the election campaign. le Pen had a similar campaign to Trump’s successful 2016 bid. but as it is well known, Trump is no fan of a loser."
852,852,2535,"'you were my guy,' Trump assured the new french president during their first time meeting in Brussels. the two men engaged in a vigorous handshake that lasted more than five seconds. Trump didn't endorse Le Pen, but praised her in comments to the Associated Press shortly before the runoff election. 'whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism, and whoever is the toughest at the borders, will do well in the election,' he said."
853,853,2536,"the pop queen is known for her shocking antics. she made the remark while opening for comedian Amy Schumer. ""i'm not a tool. I take my time,"" she boasted. Madonna has made a point of rooting on the former secretary of state's white house bid. the comments come just days after the comedian made headlines for telling supporters of Trump to leave a performance."
854,854,2537,the queen of pop greeted the crowd at Amy Schumer's comedy show. she pledged to perform oral sex on every Clinton supporter. Madonna previously opened for the queen of pop in the same venue. she's already associated with Katy Perry. the queen of pop is a fan of katy perry. a spokesman for the comedian said the queen's'stupid' behavior is a'stupid'
855,855,2538,Madonna opened for Amy Schumer's stand-up show. she offered to give anyone who voted for the democratic nominee a bl-job. the queen of pop recently posted a nude selfie in support of the candidate. she recently made headlines when dozens of audience members walked out of her show in Tampa after she slammed Donald Trump.
856,856,2539,a study in the journal Atherosclerosis found that eating eggs is bad for you. eating eggs is two-thirds as bad as smoking when it comes to carotid plaque. the aha recommends that most people limit their daily cholesterol intake to 300 milligrams. a healthy diet is a good starting point for reducing cholesterol.
857,857,2540,"study measured carotid plaque build-up in the arteries of 1,231 men and women. heaviest smokers ate three or more eggs per week. plaque build-up is a key risk factor for heart attack and stroke. if plaques become unstable, they can break off and form clots, causing stroke."
858,858,2541,"last year, the average american consumed 247 eggs -- over 40 percent more than the world per-capita average. because egg yolks are high in cholesterol, eating whole eggs increases cholesterol, a known risk factor for CAD and heart attacks. a single large egg contains more than 180 mg of cholesterol -- more than a third of a person's daily recommended intake."
859,859,2542,"a recent study involving over 1,200 adults published in the peer-reviewed journal Atherosclerosis says eating eggs is about as bad as smoking cigarettes. the study involving over 1,200 adults. involving over 1,200 adults. researchers recorded the number of eggs eaten and packs of cigarettes smoked as recalled by each adult (average age 62) the study found that, as expected, plaque build-up in their subjects’ carotid artery thickened with age."
860,860,2543,"fewer than one in one hundred americans were obese and coronary heart disease was unknown. the procter and gm started marketing Crisco as a new kind of food. medical scientists have begun to seriously question keys' findings. a new study shows that those who consume the highest percentage of saturated fat have the lowest risk of heart disease. a spokesman for the fda says the study is a ""review of the facts"""
861,861,2544,"a recent study found that saturated fat is a bad thing for your health. it is a macronutrient that gives us energy and gives us energy. saturated fats contain a combination of different fatty acids. saturated fats are solid at room temperature, while unsaturated fats are liquid at room temperature. saturated fats are not a nutrient that is a nutrient that is a nutrient."
862,862,2545,"dietary fat is just one factor that drives heart disease risk, experts say. a meta-analysis looked at 72 published studies on fats and heart disease. the researchers found that dietary fats had no effect on heart disease. the study should trigger a review of current diet guidelines for heart health. a cardiologist and nutrition expert disagreed."
863,863,2546,"the spread of obesity has no single cause; there are a lot of complicated factors that have led to America’s health crisis. in a 2010 evaluation of 21 studies and 350,000 subjects, saturated fat was not associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease. the spread of obesity has no single cause; there are a lot of complicated factors that have led to the health crisis."
864,864,2547,cutting down on saturated fatty acids may lower risk of coronary heart disease. swapping animal foods for unsaturated fats seems to boost heart health even further. current u.s. dietary guidelines say saturated fats should make up no more than 10% of total calories. study bolsters government recommendations for eating an overall healthful diet. a large meta-analysis published this summer found that butter consumption does not appear to raise heart disease risk.
865,865,2548,"high intensity training (HIT) used to be the preserve of dedicated fitness fanatics. but now fitness first is launching tabata classes containing a four-minute form of HIT. the method has been ""scientifically proven to be the most effective way to increase both aerobic and anaerobic fitness"" fitness first's online promotion does include an advisory note for anyone considering the tabata class to consult a doctor before beginning the routines."
866,866,2549,"high intensity training - or HIIT as it is known - involves the repetition of short bursts of activity or weight training. but if a person isn't accustomed to this form of exercise, the workouts could be doing more harm than good, experts have warned. they revealed exhausting high intensity training can increase a person’s risk of heart disease and cancer."
867,867,2550,"HIIT (high-intensity interval training) sessions can last for just 20 minutes. spend 30 seconds pushing your body and metabolism out of its comfort zone. then recover with lighter exercise, such as jogging, for 20 seconds. research suggests these regimes can help to reduce blood sugar levels and offset Type 2 diabetes. there is a fear that HIIT can cause more harm than good."
868,868,2551,"high-intensity interval training, or HIIT, is safe for most patients. it is more effective at preventing or reversing deficits associated with many chronic ailments. researchers say HIIT is more enjoyable than continuous aerobic exercise. but some people find it more enjoyable than continuous aerobic exercise. 'it is a great way to improve your health,' says a study author."
869,869,2552,a new report based on anonymous sources says that president.. he has already made his decision to ditch the pact. he has infamously and repeatedly called global warming a hoax. but he has also hinted that he understood the threat of global warming. he has also said he would cancel the deal.
870,870,2553,"EPA administrator Scott Pruitt has told multiple people he plans to leave the Paris agreement. john avlon: pulling out of Paris is the biggest thing he could do unravel Obama's climate policies. he says the EPA is quietly working with outside supporters to place op eds favoring withdrawal. avlon: if he withdraws, he'll be a ""very dangerous"" figure for the u.s."
871,871,2554,"a senior cabinet figure said he was ""quite certain the president is wide open on this issue'. the president tweeted: ""i will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!"" the message was published as Trump left Sicily after the summit. a report from the axios news outlet cited ""three sources with direct knowledge"" as saying he had told confidants including the head of the US environmental protection agency, Scott Pruitt."
872,872,2555,"axios reports that president Trump has pulled out of the Paris climate Accords. john avlon: this report will produce a major backlash from the anti-fossil fuel lobby. he says it should surprise no one after he was the only G7 leader to refrain from backing accord. avlon: if true, it should be an indication that the president might be moving towards changing his mind."
873,873,2556,"EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will have fewer television appearances so that the withdrawal will be 'the president's victory', according to a report. the president has publicly said he has not yet made up his mind, but has been known to change his mind at the last minute. he tweeted on sunday that he would announce his 'final decision' on whether or not the us will stay in the Paris agreement next week."
874,874,2557,president-elect Donald J. Trump has backed out of the Paris climate agreement. he said he has an open mind on whether to pull the u.s. out of the agreement. environmental groups are skeptical that his statements represent much of a change. the agreement sets a goal of limiting global warming to below 2 degrees Celsius. a new report says the u.s. is putting pressure on the u.s. to act on climate change.
875,875,2558,jared Kushner proposed setting up a secret communications back channel. the channel was intended to connect Michael Flynn with Russian military leaders. it came as the nascent Trump administration was developing its Syria policy. the communications would have used Russian diplomatic facilities and bypassed the intelligence services. a system was never established and after rex tillerson became secretary of state the idea was reportedly dropped.
876,876,2559,"ambassador reportedly took aback by suggestion of using Russian diplomatic facilities. he said the move would have shielded pre-inauguration discussions from monitoring. the meeting was attended by a senior aide, the first national security adviser. the white house disclosed the meeting only in march, playing down its significance. the meeting and the communications of americans involved were not under surveillance."
877,877,2560,"a meeting between jared kushner and the russian ambassador at Trump tower focused on Syria. the idea of a secure line between the Trump administration and Russia was never discussed, a source close to the president told fox news. instead, only a one-off call about Syria was raised in the conversation. the fake news just keeps coming and yet they are never to be held accountable for some reason."
878,878,2561,a source told fnn the meeting focused on Russia's contention that the Obama administration's policy on Syria was deeply flawed. a NBC report says a russian diplomat suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities to shield pre-inauguration discussions from monitoring. a source has told fnn that he is eager to tell congress about the meeting and any other of interest.
879,879,2562,jared Kushner proposed a secret back channel between the Kremlin and the Trump transition team. the incoming administration wanted to explore options with Russia as it was developing its Syria policy. the former top adviser was fired in february after misleading the vp about sanctions. the white house did not acknowledge the meeting or Kushner's attendance until march.
880,880,2563,"a justice department report finds that the director ""usurped"" the attorney general's authority. the president says he acted based on the recommendations of the justice department. the president will immediately begin a search for a successor. the investigation into the emails of a former secretary of state has been a hot topic. a spokesman for the justice department says the investigation is ongoing."
881,881,2564,"a letter from the FBI to the senate confirms that the director was fired. the white house says the firing was based on recommendations from a senate panel. the letter was leaked online shortly after the letter was sent. he broke with tradition and broke with tradition, the letter says. he was fired after a year of mishandling the investigation."
882,882,2565,"the white house says that president Trump fired James Comey because he received a brief letter from attorney general Jeff Sessions calling for his dismissal. a white house spokesman said that Trump did not request the letters, and had no idea that they were coming. a white house spokesman said that Trump did not request the letters, and had no idea that they were coming."
883,883,2566,"aaron carroll: the firing of a former FBI director is a coup de théâtre. he says the firing is a ploy to make the investigation look bad. he says the firing could have been handled more elegantly. carroll: if the firing is a ploy to make the investigation look bad, it could be a ploy to fire Comey."
884,884,2567,he said he was thinking of 'this Russia thing' when he decided to fire Comey. he also said there were three occasions on which Comey assured him he was not under investigation. the president also said he called the director of the FBI to ask for an update on a possible criminal investigation into his ties with Russia. he also said there was a dinner which was also about Comey's future.
885,885,2568,GM foods are starting to intrude in our diets. animal toxicity studies have shown they may toxically affect organs. use of recombinant GH or its expression in animals should be re-examined. recombinant GH increases IGF-1 which may promote cancer. a GM food may cause some common toxic effects.
886,886,2569,"GM foods have been on the market only since 1994. some studies link GM foods to altered metabolism, inflammation, kidney and liver malfunction. despite the potential health implications, more GM foods appear each year. despite the potential health implications, more GM foods appear each year. GM foods are not required to be labeled as such. a spokesman for the fda says the fda is investigating the issue."
887,887,2570,"the very first commercial sale of them was twenty years ago. there are a multitude of credible scientific studies that clearly demonstrate why GMOs should not be consumed. there is no reason GM foods should be approved safe for consumption. there is no reason we need GM foods around. if you’re interested in learning more about GM foods, please contact."
888,888,2571,a 2010 study alleges to show multiple toxins from genetically modified foods. the paper’s deepest flaw is that it doesn’t include the'so what' factor. a 2013 study found that whole genes from our food can be detected in our plasma. a 2013 study found that DNA from genetically modified crops can be transferred into humans who eat them.
889,889,2572,a dnc staffer was shot and killed in 2016. a private investigator says he has evidence to prove the theory. but the investigator backtracks and the Rich family sends a cease-and-desist letter. the thin case that seth rich was the leaker is in no way substantial enough. a spokesman for the dnc says the investigation is ongoing.
890,890,2573,"e-mails allegedly found on seth rich's laptop were internal messages. the e-mails were transferred to a now-deceased investigative journalist. the fbi and the mayor's office allegedly conspired to cover up the investigation. the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington police department."
891,891,2574,"a spokesman for the family says allegations of emails between rich and WikiLeaks are ""unsubstantiated"" a federal investigator saw the computer of a former dc homicide investigator. a forensic report showed he made contact with the hacker through a former dnc hacker. the family has been sensitive to speculation that rich could have leaked emails."
892,892,2575,"a dnc staffer was shot to death near his house in washington, d.c. in august. since then, he has been the focus of intense right-wing conspiracy theories. some believe he was murdered by the Clintons for knowing too much about something. a retracted story on tuesday has sparked a media blitz from conservative outlets."
893,893,2576,a group of Cornell students travelled to the mekong river delta of Vietnam. they learned about the ominous changes taking place in the region. what is happening in Vietnam will be repeated globally. the students learned that rains now fall during what was once the dry season. Increasing salt-water intrusion is forcing farmers to abandon rice altogether.
894,894,2577,"last year, the hottest on record for the third year in a row, was about 1.1 degrees Celsius above the pre-industrial level. the hottest on record for the third year in a row was about 1.1 degrees Celsius above the pre-industrial level. the hottest on record for the third year in a row, was about 1.1 degrees Celsius above the pre-industrial level."
895,895,2578,"the climate change hoax is a hoax, and the truth keeps getting in the way. the climategate scandal proved that key data involving man-made climate change was manipulated. the new round of leaked emails provided more teeth to the revelations of 2009. the climategate scandal was given new life in 2011, with the release of new emails."
896,896,2579,"researchers analyzed temperature observations from satellites, weather balloons, weather stations and buoys. they found that once natural oceanic warming and cooling events are accounted for, there is no warming trend. 'the El Ninos and La Ninas do not occur at a regular frequency but are not by any means new,' said a report. 'the climate is not a hazard to human health,' said a climatologist."
897,897,2580,"climate change is the biggest scam in the history of the world. every cent, penny and centime of it ends in the pockets of the wrong kind of people. nowhere is this truer in the field of the environment. climate change is the biggest waste of tax money in the history of the world. a sham, a fraud, a conspiracy against the taxpayer and a fraud."
898,898,2581,"molina healthcare lost $110 million on the exchanges last year. john sutter: lower-than-expected costs can be from the system working well. he says lower-than-expected costs can be from the system working well. sutter: unless the insurance market is profitable in the long term, it's not good news. sutter: if you get rid of Obamacare's risk transfer provisions, insurers will lose more money."
899,899,2582,"a new poll shows that the uninsured rate has fallen sharply since the advent of the law. the decline in uninsured rates was especially pronounced among lower-income Americans. the uninsured rate for non-elderly adults fell from nearly 16% in 2010 to less than 10%. the u.s. has had six years to come up with an alternative plan, and never has done so."
900,900,2583,more than 20 million more people gained health coverage through the law. john avlon: the law has shifted the nation’s baseline expectations for how health care should work. he says the law has succeeded in providing health coverage to the uninsured. avlon: it's too soon to tell whether the law will be repealed or replaced.
901,901,2584,"Congressional budget office assumes only 26 million under 65 will be uninsured this year. if congress does not repeal the law, the number of uninsured will increase by 4 million. if the law is repealed, the number of uninsured will increase by 4 million. if the law is repealed, the number of uninsured will increase by 4 million."
902,902,2585,"bob greene: some states will see price hikes for individual insurance policies in 2017. he says states struggling with Obamacare are undermining the law. he says the law failed because it flunked economics and human nature 101. greene: if we fix the problem, we can fix it with a new system. he says we can fix the problem by focusing on the problems of the past."
903,903,2586,the last government shutdown was driven by Republicans who insisted on defunding the law. some suggest that the calls for repealing Obamacare are fading. a new analysis shows that the share of those without health coverage fell from 13.3 percent to 10.4 last year. the u.s. has the highest share of uninsured people in the country.
